not gonna lie to you guys I knew nothing about this movie till a couple days ago no salamis movie coming out this weekend alright what's it about it's totally  it's about dr. Martin Luther King jr. - pretty important biographical picture that I didn't know about 48 hours Pryor's let's do this [Music] Selma so Selma is a movie about dr. Martin Luther King jr. it's not about his entire life I love how biographical pictures are kind of doing this now they know that people don't necessarily want to see from birth to death that just gets kind of long-winded at times this is about a specific point in his life in his civil rights movement that was happening calling it his civil rights movements kind of downplaying it's the civil rights movement and in that the town they're in it's crooked as tensions are high and here we are the dude who plays dr. Martin Luther King jr. in this movie this David Oh yellow I was like I don't know anything about this guy well I don't I know anything about this guy where did he come from this a good thing about these gems that kind of fly under the radar stay might just showcase someone who that's absurdly great acting talent oh my god this was like watching dr. Martin Luther King jr. like right in front of you he's actually the doctor and rise to the Planet of the Apes I didn't know that I am DB did enough the movie was over I was like I don't know what you're in you tell me what your red got it was really cool he's British oh my god he hid that accent well and gained an entirely new one but I love how this movie peels away the legend because at this point dr. Martin Luther King jr. hear about it he's dr. Martin Luther King jr. he had all the answers he had the movement he never strayed from the course he was like I know we're going to succeed March March March this is kind of how he's taught to everybody but it's not like that behind that there's a guy who at a point and this whole thing was like I don't know if we're gonna win I love seeing mamas like that it's like Saving Private Ryan when Tom Hanks gets behind the rock where no one can see him and he breaks down you're like oh yeah you gotta like stay the course as the leader but in the end you're a guy you're a human you're a mortal man it's important for movies to show that when the legends are too big normal people are like oh I can't do something like that because he's him and I'm just me but in the end II he's just him he's just like you it's important for movies to show that to us a good job on this movie some of the in this movie is just hard to watch you watch you're like that happened it's just a really dark time it's one of those things well yeah there's laws and stuff in place but when you're in a town where the cards are just completely stacked against you and anyone who has your skin color yeah it gets really bad and I love the fight you know me I love me my politics in my movies I love the fact that it showed a political chess game happening in the movie among movement LBJ was president at the time and his show that he had his reason for being like yeah dr. Martin Luther King jr. why don't you go ahead and lead the movement and Martin Luther King jr. had his things that he had to do you know there were politics involved knows like that's it's not just kind of like alright everyone let's March and it'll get it done there were a lot of cogs in play and it just kind of gets lost through translation among the decades so we're a couple of moments to say something tragic happens and it goes to this slow-mo shot it's a really long slow-mo shot really long and a long shot can be effective but it when it's too long you're like alright still a slow-mo shot then we're still here we're still here it gives you time during the slow-mo shot to think about the effect of what the shot would have been if it wasn't a slo-mo shot it actually would have been a little more real and possibly a little more effective if it felt a little more real thus it shouldn't have been a slo-mo shot at least not that long in the end Selma surprised me because like I said last week I didn't know about this movie the acting was great the one who plays dr. Martin Luther King jr. in this movie David Oh yellow keep your eye out for that guy oh my god he's he's gonna get more work I just don't call on it now because I like calling the obvious it's kind of like when that light turns green cars are gonna go it's that obvious to me to say this dudes gonna get a lot more working you're gonna see him a lot more the well-acted movie a well-directed movie an effective movie Selma is definitely worth buying on blu-ray great movie go say if you see taking three over this you get slapped by life so what happens don't give takin your money don't let take and take you all right so Selma have you seen it what did you think about it whatever you thought comment below let me know and as always if you like what you've seen here and you wanna see more click right here to see more [Music]