Roma: A film that features a close-up shot
of a pile of dog crap that’s more cinematic than the best shot in half the movies you
watched last year. Hey everybody, welcome to Mainely Movies. Today I’m gonna be talking about the 2018
Netflix-distributed Mexican drama film: Roma. It stars Yalitza Aparicio, Marina de Tavira,
Fernando Grediaga, and Nancy Garcia and was directed by Alfonso Cuarón. Roma begins in 1970 Mexico City and focuses
on Cleo Gutierrez, played by Yalitza Aparicio, who is a housekeeper for a middle-class family
in Colonia Roma. So for those unfamiliar with Mexico City,
the city’s divided into sixteen boroughs or municipalities. And each of these boroughs are further subdivided
into colonias, or neighborhoods. So Colonia Roma is a neighborhood that’s
pretty close to the historic center of Mexico City and was fairly upper-middle class in
the 40s and 50s, but began to see some deterioration during the 60s which worsened over time. And so this film follows Cleo’s life here
for about a year and explores her relationship with the family she works for, as well as
her own personal difficulties. I had an extraordinarily hard time determining
how I actually felt about this movie. Alfonso Cuarón is a masterful director, so
I knew there would be no question that this film would be a technical marvel. Even beyond his technical prowess, Cuarón's
films have been consistently interesting and engaging, so I was really looking forward
to this one. I love his earlier film Y Tu Mamá También,
so I was excited to see him return to his roots with a Mexico-set Spanish language film. The hype and Oscar buzz only helped to heighten
my anticipation. Well, I finally watched Roma and I have to
say, I'm pretty disappointed. Not in everything of course, but definitely
in the story. For such a personal, deeply human story, I
was amazed by how cold it left me. I just didn't care what happened to any of
the characters. Even Cleo's most traumatic scene left me feeling
pretty apathetic. That's not good and that's not normal for
me either. I'm not the world's most empathetic person,
but I'm not entirely heartless either. Movies and character plights get to me sometimes
and this movie had tons of instances where I shoulda felt something, but didn't. I really think Roma is a film where your own
personal experiences will dictate your ability to connect with the characters, which is absolutely
essential for this largely plotless film. I wanted to connect and I really tried to,
but I just couldn't. So the story mostly left me feeling cold and
bored with the excessively meek and submissive main character. Luckily, my boredom and disinterest with the
story and characters gave me a chance to focus on the far superior technical aspects of the
film. I frequently found my attention drifting from
the sulking characters to the background or the lighting or the shot composition. The cinematography in this film is stellar. And it wasn't only when I was bored that I
was drawn to it. It was the very first thing I noticed about
the movie. The nearly five and a half minute long continuous
opening shot was utter eye-candy to anyone interested in shot composition. The patterned floor giving way to a wonderful
reflection of the sky as the water eventually washed over in soapy waves that end up mirroring
the beach scene towards the end of the film. The reflected plane in the sky gives us our
first glimpse of the recurring plane motif and then the wonderful pan up to reveal Cleo
washing the floor. That in itself would have been a great opening
shot, but it continues; tracking Cleo, lingering on the bird cages while we wait for her to
return to the courtyard before following her once again. I was blown away and that was just the first
five minutes. The black and white photography aided in emphasizing
contrast, but also helped reduce visual clutter. There were several fantastic tracking shots
in the film that followed characters as they rushed along busy sidewalks. In color, these could have been way too visually
stimulating. There’s just so much going on in these scenes
that the addition of color would have distracted us from the intended focus: the characters. I was also surprised by the extensive use
of long shots, even beyond the expected establishing shots at new locations. When characters were outside, they were almost
exclusively shot in long shot, giving a real sense of depth to the scenes. Even the interior scenes were typically shot
as wide as possible, with very few close-ups, giving the movie a very open feel despite
the frequently cramped quarters. For me, Roma joins the ranks of films that
put style over substance. The style is undeniably impressive, but without
the depth in substance, this film ends up being a coldly dull tale. It was clearly designed to evoke emotions,
but I simply failed to connect with it on any level other than cinematography-gushing. And man do I wish I coulda connected. Because if this film had the substance side
to it too, it coulda been right up there with the likes of Cuarón's most impressive films. Alright, so let’s take a look at the pros
and cons. The number one pro here is the cinematography. It’s also pro number two and three through
eight as well. It’s simply fantastic. That five and a half minute opening shot drew
me in with its framing, lighting, use of reflections, shot composition, and camera movement. But, the rest of the film is what held me
transfixed. Not only did it look stunning, but the whole
thing was so meticulously crafted that I felt like I was back in my high school cinematography
class watching good examples of various film techniques. Except this time all the examples were from
one movie. And the whole movie was the example. I was only being sorta facetious with the
video opening. Seriously, even watching dog crap get sweeped
up was an engaging visual experience. On the con side, it’s a toss up for the
top spot. I couldn’t decided if my number one was
the story or the characters. Let’s start broad and talk about the story
first. There… really isn’t one. At least there’s no real plot. There are a few story beats that kinda guide
the film towards its eventual conclusion, but it all feels really inconsequential. Like I said before, for such a personal type
of story, there’s not really anything to grab onto. I think the only scene where I had any sort
of emotional investment was the beach scene towards the end and even that was only momentary. As far as the characters go, I just couldn’t
connect to care enough about them. Cleo is clearly our main character and the
lens through which we view the film, but she was just so dull. There are a handful of situations she encounters
that could be compelling, but her meek subservience absolutely wiped away any of the brewing interest
I had. I think many viewers will feel bad for her,
but I was more annoyed by her total submissiveness in every single situation. In fact, I would have much preferred to focus
on Sofia, played by Marina de Tavira, who was a much more interesting character. Even her complete disregard for that car was
a thousand times more interesting (and telling) than anything Cleo did. I also would have loved to see more exploration
of the family’s youngest son, Pepe, played by Marco Grof, with his sorta haunting descriptions
of his former lives. The third con is sorta a culmination of issues,
but it manifests in this film being an exercise in style over substance. If you need a perfect encapsulation of that,
look no further than the fire scene with the unmasked singer. I’m gonna give Roma 3 out of 5 Paws. This was a really hard one for me because
I found the story to be incredibly underwhelming and dull, but the technical aspects were sublime. So, they balance out slightly higher than
a middle-ground rating. I would recommend Roma to two types of people. The first are those that are interested in
cinematography and shot structure. The imagery of this film is fantastic. If the technical side of cinema isn’t really
your thing, then I would really only recommend this to people who like slow and long, largely
plotless films. That’s not meant to be a knock against anything. But if that’s your type of movie… if a
meandering glimpse into a character’s day to day life is your kinda thing, then you’ll
probably like this movie a lot more than I did. If you liked Roma, I’ve gotta recommend
Y Tu Mamá También. It’s another character-driven, Spanish language
Cuarón film, but a lot more happens in it. It’s a road trip movie, but it’s far more
profound than road trip movies usually are. I’d also suggest you check out Shoplifters
for another foreign film that explores family through character development. Alright, a few questions for you guys. One: Have you seen Roma? If so, what’d you think of it? And two: What’s your favorite film set in
Mexico? Be sure to leave your answers in the comments
below so we can get a discussion going. Alright, so if you got some enjoyment, insight,
or information out of this review, I’d appreciate it if you’d hit that like button. And, if you haven’t done so already, please
hit subscribe while you’re at it, so you can see more videos like this. Till next time, this has been Alyssa with
Mainely Movies: The way life should be.