So I've watched the farewell I feel about an Asian-american who finds out her grandmother is dying, so her family all gather in China to say goodbye. However, the grandmother doesn't even know and instead thinks that they're all coming for her grandson's wedding. This is Lulu Wong's first major film and it's based on her own life and relationship with her grandmother. The strongest aspects of this film are the performances and the writing. The soundtrack and visuals are also rather good. consistent and quite memorable. This review is not going to be as structured as I'd like, so I'm just going to talk about it in some supose convoluted way, but I should say warning that there are spoilers ahead if you haven't already seen it. If you're in the Uk, you can see it on Google or Youtube right now. So please do Aquafina who plays the lead character. Billy has this utterly perfect expression. All the time. Some actors could easily do the typical Actus thing where they pretend to be sad, where they talk slowly. sigh, you know, laughs weakly to that thing. What that it's like to me? It's just really obvious and it's obvious that they're acting and it distracts me. But Aquafina is very believable. She is quite an endearing approach. She doesn't try to hide her sadness, though her ninite doesn't even see how depressed she is. Just just totally he. Current of how she feels The performance is over all are very naturalistic and I thought everyone did a good job. There are a lot of scenes of eating in this film. Food is a huge part of Chinese culture and a classic dinner scene is a cinema essential. making these scenes particularly warming and filled with dramatic tension. Very little is said explicitly, but it's like the whole bomb under the table situation. Everyone knows there's something wrong, but no one's saying anything or doing anything for fear. No. No finding out. I like how Aquafina is trying her best to speak Mandarin in the film. This is an experience that I've been through many times. You know, She tries to guess the tones of the language and she gets corrected, but at least she tries also the hotel scene in it. It's basically their flip reverse of what it feels like to look Asian in Europe. You get are still? Are these questions like, Do you feel more British or Chinese? It's their. These. From my perspective, it's just so bizarre that people would think that I, who lived in Hong Kong for just one year of my life and then lived here nearly thirty years of my life. Like don't speak Chinese. I hold a British passport. You'd think I would feel more British than Chinese, but it's nice. At least they show an interest. I guess there's a lot of shots with negative space. No doubt, it's meant to create some sense of sadness and loneliness. And well, the film is really good at delivering on that. It's so hard to explain just how much of a merit is to watch this film for me. I mean, anyone that's gone through loss will feel the same. Anyone that's ever tried to pretend to be okay so as not to upset someone else will feel the same. While I was looking forward to this film, I, I didn't anticipate how much it would dredge up inside of me, and consequently I found myself crying hysterically while watching this film. I was just I wasn't able to watch it without relating it to the loss of my own grandmother. To top it all off when I first watched it, I was with my friend. He, bless him, He'd experienced the same loss very recently, So we both lost our grandma and we were watching this film. I just spent most of the time apologizing to him. I'm sorry, Mike. I'm sorry, the writer, director Lily Wong takes time to show B Lee and her nice relationship. It was doing these scenes. I found myself tearing up the most. I really don't think it's possible to watch this film entirely objectively unless you've never experienced loss of a grandparent. I simply found myself constantly projecting. It Made the experience both while cathartic extremely difficult. The fact that this film is labeled as a comedy is the real joke. Cause jokes. in this. I kind of the sort of sad attempts that Outsiders make to try to cheer you up during a tragic moment in your life. And like you laughs weakly, but it does nothing to help that. being said, the film is successful at balancing tragedy or comedy. It manages to be considerably humorous. despite all the characters being so sad. I guess the right word for this is absurdist. You're laughing at the situation. Not how sad they are. The cinematography I struggled with to begin with. I was struggling to understand the need for so much negative space as I was saying, But you know it's unique in that it's framed in this way, and it almost feels like a comedy in the way it's shot, But it makes the characters appeal pathetic because they're small and significant, which is a good thing. It also lets us see the lovely set design. There are few scenes where no nice white hair is against the white background, which might be a mistake, but over where we really enjoyed the set design, it doesn't try to glamorize China or make it exotic, and a fantastical, like some imagined it to be. It actually feels nostalgic in all of its imperfections. The fact that it seems old-fashioned or even tacky, especially the wedding stuff. it gives it this undeniable charm. I especially love the clothes that the elderly family members wear like the best and the flip-flops and just the lovely patterns, and obviously the flat caps and everything. It feels familiar and therefore nostalgic. even though I know obviously a lot of viewers when an experienced it firsthand. It doesn't feel like an international film and Hollywood sense. Obviously, and it isn't It's an American film. This film is about integrity and culture differences in a single way. Is it wrong to lie or rather hide the fatal illness of a loved one or to save them from the pain and fear of dying? That is essentially the question of the film is asking Billy, who is American, above all protests to lie, struggling to understand why family members could do something so immoral in her eyes. But it's a typical criticism that people have of China and its culture. You know, ignorance is bliss that it is, But Americans and Western culture object to the idea that someone isn't fully informed of their situation, but perhaps is designed in such a way in order for people to live happily and free from discomfort or pain. I mean, personally, I'm on the side of the Westerners I'm West, and which is why this film is truly an American film Because our point of view, characters, American with American sensibility is everything Western morals we learn about Chinese traditions Through her like scene at the graveyard, she shown the almost bizarre ways they show respect to their past loved ones. This scene nervous, he says, As a funny scene, Something I've always found a bit boring about actual Chinese films is that they're just too serious, or their comedy is just too outrageous and just not funny. But the farewell has the subtle but respectful element of comedy. It does it really well. There's a poignant moment in the film where Billy's uncle tells her that the main difference between East and West is that Westerners Billy, ones life belongs to oneself, but in reality one's life forms part of a whole. It belongs to family and to society. Individualism is very Western and is ultimately considered selfish. When a family member dies, The pain extends to the family, but equally, Billy, ashamed for being so openly sad about it. That hurt sadface will bring everyone else down. It's as if she is expected to do what's right for the family by not resigning to her own selfishness. she wasn't able to attend her grandfather's funeral in the past. In fact, it was kept a secret from her too, but the thing is is that she doesn't understand the difficulties it would have caused her from a financial point of view, nor the stress it would put on her parents to tell her, but as a result, she wasn't able to get closure and she feels that she's entitled to it as she should feel. death is difficult, but you can't necessarily share grief. You shouldn't be able to dictate how someone should feel when suffering from a bereavement. Grief is personal, though it can be shared as a kid. We can resent our parents for doing this or thing for the rest of our life. even after we've had our own kid. I completely empathize with Billy, despite the intentions of her family. That's what makes this film so thought-provoking Eventually Billy becomes part of the family by sort of finally, one last time, resisting the desire to tell 9i the truth, but this time she's learned the significance of playing her part of this family, despite her moral compass pointing her in the other direction, but she doesn't accept this reality out of submission or fear or anger or anything like that, but rather out of love for her family, especially for her. 9. A. This is a moment visually signified by the slow motion tracking shot of the family walking together or looking into the camera, Lulu Wong says in an interview that it's meant to be a dramatic representation of Billy's feelings as she finally embraces the line. So it was gonna say a bunch of other little bits that I liked in no particular order. I like how when she arrives in China after the flight she gets assaulted by taxi drivers trying to get to buy a taxi or to get in their taxi, or whatever. I mean. this happened to me when I visited China, So it's and yet it's quite intimidating. There's a great establishing shot of the apartment complex for her 9i lives when Billy first arrives, and it's so different from New York. It's also very much a communal building. The flat doesn't stand out or anything. It forms part of a whole series of flats. But you know, maybe I'm just looking too deep into it. Then they're necessary. but I just feel like it has that sentiment of community versus the individualism of New York. Also, the relationship between her and her mother is extremely like mine, as in with my mother, my Chinese mother, and I'm sure many people regardless of their mother's homeland, can agree that they have a similarly tense and passive-aggressive relationship at times, though one of the many awkward dinner scenes are the one where they're at the restaurant with the lazy Susan. They're just something so uncomfortable. It's great. It's essentially like. Oh no, it's just a thing in Chinese culture, but it's almost like every conversation with family is like a battle or competition of who's more successful Is America better than China? You know, you always competing with each other. You shut. trying to show off just success. Because success is the biggest sign of prosperity. Obviously means money and success and safety. It da bobba. I had to. I had to look up the drinking game that play play where there they're like flapping their arms or whatever. Okay, So essentially every player in the group gets a number, So you just name yourselves in a circle, and then what you're supposed to say is number, bird Flyers, number bird Flyers. So if I say I'm one, I go. one bird flies, one bird flies, one bird Flyers till three bird flies, and then the person who's named three has to then continue. But you can do things that are tricky. Like you could look at someone. You could say you can look at number five, but you say six and then five Stuff starts to think that it's their turn and then they start going and then they have to drink. Basically, if you make a mistake or if you miss your turn, then you have to drink. And obviously, the more you drink the harder it gets so yeah, it's pretty funny to me. Also, I have to play it with. So my friends. anyway, this film is absolutely lovely even though I weep like a baby whenever I watch it and watched it a second time yesterday. Seeing the grandmother waving goodbye to them at the end of the film, It's unbearable. I just kind of imagined my own grandma, and it's so hard I feel like I wanted to watch this film completely objectively. But you, you can't. You can't not think about your own experiences of these things. That's what film is. It's what art is right. It's supposed to evoke emotion, but it's hard. Yeah, but overall yeah, the film. it's It's very approachable, despite being almost entirely a Mandarin, and obviously, despite the subject matter, it isn't an art film, but it's almost certainly an independent film. Please allow yourself to experience it. I'm happy to hear it won the Independent Spirit Award for best film of the year - I mean, it's always nice to see films like that get recognition, because now I feel like it's helping to promote films of this kind of nature. It just means there's more film to me to talk about my channel And we, thanks so much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.