So you have a Wonder Woman sequel for me? Yes, sir, I do. So we're gonna start the movie with Diana as a kid back in Themyscira. Okay, Okay, and what's she up to? Well, she's competing in the Amazon version of that Tv show Wipeout and she tries to use a shortcut to win and learns that cheating is wrong. Sure, okay, that's a nice quick message. To start the movie off. It's gonna take a full 11 minutes. Oh my God, so then we're going to jump forward to the 1980s, which is when this movie takes place. Okay, Okay, so like 30, 40 years ago. Oh, I don't enjoy that. That's a true thing. So anyway, Diana is still super heartbroken about Steve Trevor dying in the first movie. He's all she can think about. Really. after all that time. Yeah, well, I mean, you gotta understand This was a really good guy she knew for a couple of days seven decades ago. Well, yeah, I guess so. so anyway, Diane is working in Washington, Dc, at the Smithsonian and she has a new co-worker named Barbara. What's her deal? Oh, she's a freaking nerd, sir. she can't even walk in heels. Oh, embarrassing, disgusting and pathetic. I bet nobody likes her. Yeah, and so there's this artifact called the Dream Stone, And that's what this movie's going to focus on. Oh, what's this thing, dude? Oh, this thing's freaking nuts. It grants wishes, but it takes something in return. a very magical stone, and this phony business guy, Max Lord. he gets his hand on it and he wishes to become the dreamstone. Oh so he turns to stone. You would think so, the way that was phrased, but no, now he can grant people's wishes when they touch him and he can take something in return. Do Barbara and Diana get wishes in before he does that they do? Barbara wishes to be more like Diana, So she gets some nice clothes and some super strength and now she can walk in heels. Now that's impressive. am I right? Yeah, she's not pathetic anymore. Also, she removes her glasses, which as you know, makes people automatically more attractive. That's just good. character development is what that is. And so Diana's gonna wish for Steve Trevor to come back to life. And this way we could get Chris Pine back in the movie. Oh, people like Chris Pine. So what does he just appear out of thin air? Actually, No, his consciousness goes into this random guy's body. So everybody sees this random guy. but we see Chris Pine. Okay, is this because the stone can't make things just magically show up. No, it absolutely can. A giant wall is going to appear out of nowhere. So are some nukes. I mean, the thing is magic. Why are we doing this weird body control thing with Steve? I don't know what happens to this guy's consciousness while Steve's controlling his body. Who's to say you are? Yeah, What if this guy has a job and a family? he has to get to. The implications are insane. Where is his consciousness? Is he dead? Oh, well, here's the thing, sir. I'm gonna need you to get all the way off my back about this body control thing. Get off of it. Oh, that felt vaguely threatening. So I'm gonna get off your back about that. Great and so then Steve and Diana. Obviously they get intimate because you know they love each other. They do that using a stranger's body. That's got. That's got to be crossing a line. That's not okay. Yeah, well, we're going to have them do it anyway, And I find it strange that you immediately got back on my back about that. I mean, it's actually a really easy fix. Just have Steve Trevor show up as himself. No, So then that Max Lord Guy makes himself super rich and he goes to Egypt to take some guy's oil and make himself even richer. Okay, so Steve and Diana, they gotta get over there. You know. how are they gonna do that? Well, The thing is they can't just take a commercial flight because Steve doesn't have a passport. No, I mean, the guy he's possessing probably has one. Yeah, well, they don't check for that. They head to the Smithsonian and steal one of the jets from over there. They have operational jets at the museum. They do. Yeah, fully fuel jets just lying around, So they take one of those because Steve was a pilot. Okay, he was a pilot in World War One. These are those. Those are different planes. Well, I mean a plane is a plane. That's I mean. okay, Yeah, that sentence is not technically wrong. So there you go. but okay, sir, a plane is a plane. Are you implying that a plane's not a plane because a plane is a plane. I mean, that's just such a vague general statement. A plane is a plane. Okay, So then they're being chased because of the jet theft. And so Wonder Woman goes ahead and makes it invisible, And that's how she gets her invisible jet. What? How? Well Turns out that's a thing she can do. So she does the thing that she can do Well. Thank God she has that ability. We never once mentioned a reference. It works out great. So they go to Egypt and they have a big chase scene with Max Lord. Oh, very exciting. but he freaking gets away and he goes around causing a bunch more chaos. Then he goes to see the President of the United States. What? for? Well, he gets the president to wish for more nukes and then he sees this technology just lying around in the Oval office, and it's exactly what he needs. What do you mean? What's this device that lets him take over everybody's screen around the world, So technically through like satellite waves he is. You know, he's touching them. how. I don't worry about it. Okay, it won't So then there's gonna be this fight in the White House and Barbara. she's turning evil, so she gets in on that too. Okay and Steve manages to grab Max Lord. Oh, and so he wishes for everything to go back to normal. Oh, yeah, no. that would have been smart. Instead, he pushes him around a bit. Also a decent strategy. Yeah, so then Max Lord escapes and he heads off to the satellite island to do his broadcast. Wow, Wow, Wow, and Steve and Diana find out that everybody needs to renounce their wishes or else civilization's gonna end, so they have this big emotional goodbye. Oh, very sad, very sad. but then she starts to fly and lasso some lightning bolts, so that's pretty cool. That's that's not bad. Oh sure, yeah, that may as well happen. So then Diana's gonna have to fight Barbara, who by the way is a cat. Now? what? Yeah, she's a cat. now she's part cheetah. What are you talking about? Well, see Max, Lord was like, Hey, anything else you want and she's like, Yes, Actually, I would like to be an apex predator, please, So she could have just as easily been turned into a killer whale. Yeah, I guess there was a chance she could have turned into a you know Orca whale, but that would have made for a less interesting fight scene. Oh, I wholeheartedly disagree anyway. So then we're gonna have a barely visible fight scene and Barbara's gonna get electrocuted. Oh so she dies. Oh no, she gets a little sleepy, Which is what happens when cats get electrocuted. That's not. no, I don't think that's accurate. Well, that's what my dad told me when my childhood cat chewed through his extension cord that your cat died. I think no, sir. he went to sleep. Then he went to live on a farm and I never saw him again. I mean, okay. so what happens next? Oh well, Max is granting wishes to everybody in the world through their screens. Most of the world doesn't speak English. Okay, yeah, I'll keep that in mind for trivia night. I guess that's interesting. anyway. it's gonna be complete chaos. Oh it is. Yep. people are killing each other with wishes. One guy gets a farm outside his apartment. People can wish for anything. Really. Yeah, it's gonna be nuts. Statistically speaking, Wouldn't at least one person wish for the guy that just showed up on their Tv to die or for the world to end? Wouldn't at least one person wish for world peace? What happens with that paradox? Well, I mean that's got. That's like a one in a million kind of wish right. There are billions of people in the world. You're just full of fun trivia tonight. So anyway, Diana has to lasso this guy, but her lasso can't get through this mysterious wind around him. Oh wow, it's gonna be tough for her to defeat him if she can't reach him. Actually, it's gonna be super easy, barely an inconvenience. Oh, really. yeah, see, she gets her lasso around his ankle and then she can talk to everybody through him. I thought she couldn't get through with that thing. Oh yeah, no, she couldn't, but then she could, but how unclear? Well, okay then so then she tells everybody to renounce their wishes because nothing good comes from lying and everybody does it. Everybody does it, including Max Lord, who suddenly cares about his son that he's been actively ignoring the whole movie. And so what about? Like What if someone with a terminal illness wished to be cured? Oh, well, they would have. They would have to renounce that because that's that's not the truth. Uh, what if a blind person wished to be able to see? That's uh. That's that's a shortcut Uh to being able to see. So that's that's wrong. What if somebody wished to be able to feed their starving child? Yeah, okay, this moment only works if everybody wishes for something selfish or violent, so we're gonna have to pretend like that's the case. Okay, Oh, pretending is tight. Okay, let's do it. Okay. Thank God, So then Max Lord is gonna go reunite with his son, who just kind of comes running out of the woods for no reason. How did Max Lord get back from the island if he renounced all his wishes? Unclear and what happens with Barbara? Well, she's not a cat anymore and she's She's chilling. I imagine. okay. anyway, then Diana's gonna have a little flirty moment with the guy who Steve was controlling. It's gonna be very sweet. He's already seen that guy naked. Yeah, just a real sweet moment. It's gonna be Christmas too. Yeah, I don't know if it being Christmas makes it better, And then she looks at a balloon and we're all done. So what do you think? I mean, I feel like using a strange man's body is just so deeply strange and raises so many messed up questions right right, right, Well, maybe nobody will think of how weird it is. Well, Yeah, I guess that is a possibility. Okay, let's do it. Hey guys, Ryan here, thanks for watching that pitch meeting. I hope you liked it. If you did you know, press the like button and the subscribe button and leave a comment and all the Youtube standard things. Also, let me know if you have ideas for other movies I should do pitches for. as always, Check back soon for a new video. Bye.