Roma Roma movie, directed by Alfonso Karim. He also directed Gravity and Eat - mama - Dom Bia and stars Lisa, I Appreciate and Marina de Terraria, And it starts with a family and a housekeeper, set in the Colonia Roma neighborhood in 1970, Mexico City, I'm going to talk about it right now. So Roma is a ambitious movie, which is a black-and-white film directed by Alfonso Curran and the film is a very slow pacing movie which takes you through the lives of family and the housekeeper for about two years, and one thing about this channel I'm going to do. I'm not going to involved spoilers in the beginning. I will talk about some spoilers toward the end, but there will be a warning at the bottom, But for now, talk about the movie itself and overall the movie is a slow burn. It is all black and white, pan and scan and one shot takes. So what you'll see is a film where there would be a scene that goes on for maybe three to four minutes, and it's all one take and the camera will pan left to right slowly and then back again, And it's a very, very unsettling approach because you're feeling like you're a voyeur and it's like there's no tilt with the camera. It's all pan and scan mainly, and the shots that are stable are tend to be behind things, or back off from the subject and you don't really quite see reactions. And the thing about the film is interesting is it's a very artsy film And you wonder what this thing is going, Because it just deals with these people. You kind of have to really follow along. It's in Spanish, so you could have to read the subtitles, but of course, when you do that after a while, it becomes second nature. Okay in the category of story or depth, This movie doesn't really have a lot of that is. it's a lot of it cerebral and and a one out of ten. I had to give this movie a five in that regard because it's just averaged. It's a character development story with no clear plot direction. It's just a life of these people as it is over the course of a couple of years, in a category of emotional impact. Now this is probably where the movie is at the strongest. It's because, without giving anything away through the first two acts of the movie, you're basically following this housekeeper, mainly through her eyes, and the family of the people that she is attending, and they get involved in things along the way that are traumatic and you end up really feeling for these characters and identifying with these characters. So by the end of the third act, when things start going crazy, you start really feeling that, because you feel like they're part of your family, And so in this regard, I give it an 8 out of 10, which is pretty high, which means there's a strong emotional pull and that's very important for a movie, Because if it doesn't make you feel something, then what's the point? Really? You're watching it in a category of intangibility. Z--, it's my term of putting the things that make movies special in of themself. I like bringing it movies like Footloose the Original, What a movie really wasn't really good, But because of the soundtrack, and because some of the dance scenes, similarly to Dirty dancing, not really a great movie, but because you have a couple of good actors that we had to get chemistry on-screen and of course the soundtrack makes the movie much better than it was. And so he's probably call the intangibles and it can vary from anything. It can be a great direction. It can be great scene or so forth. But this particular film, I give it a seven because it's a masterful film In terms of how it with shots, how it slits the pan and scan thing that it does constantly. It's annoying, but by the third act you will understand with you quickly why it's doing that and it pays off. In the end it's really brilliant work of a camera movement. You probably wouldn't work on most films, but for this one I think it was actually so. yeah, so yeah, I give a seven for intangibility in a category on watchability. This is word. It's pretty weak because you see at one time you pretty much done. I give it a five. Now, this could change in that area, but I don't want to rush back to watch this movie anytime soon. So a 5-4 watch, building my overall rating, which is a weighted average against the other four. This is a really big piece of it. It's kind of when you see a movie what you feel after you see it. What's your overall impression? I give it a 6, which is better than average, and so weight against the others, The movie comes out in pretty good footing. My conservators take on Roma, and by the way from here on out, we're gonna have the spoiler section here. so if you don't wanna know anything about the movie specifically, just fast-forward to the end or check the time index and jump above to where you want to go. For the review. In terms of my conservative take on this film, Just that much booty to to be ball cat, this movie is based on the experiences from the director himself, and so I don't have any reason to give that a negative mark, so for the most part I'm giving this movie a green light. The deal with the movie and the pan and scan toward the end When the kids are in the ocean and they're about to drown. You don't know where they are and how pans off camera and comes back to them. That's probably the most important aspect of this film is the most powerful aspect to this film, and it kind of ties in all that direction toward the end, And so I think that over ways everything that the love of a housekeeper who had her own problems with her miscarriage, which by the way is a really really powerful scene. That if you don't get emotional in that, then you probably don't have a pulse. A person who loves these kids as if they were her own and risks her own life because she can't swim to save these kids. That's that's that's the movie. That's that's the crux in the movie. So my final take on this film is a score of 12.5 which translates to three stars out of four, or three-and-a-half stars out of five. So with that coming below, If you like this movie, did you like it? Did you want to see? You want to see it. if you've seen it and agree with me, Let me know or if you've seen it and you don't agree with me. Also, let me know so that please like subscribe, and I'll see you on my next conservative take.