It's a good week to be an Amy Adams Farm. Arrival is the latest film by Denis Villeneuve, who previously directed Prisoners, a very good film, and Sicario, an even better film In my mind, and the rather overlooked enemy, which is also a very good film starring Jake Gyllenhaal, who appeared this week in another film with Amy Adams, who stars in this film. A very good film itself. That film is nocturnal animals. Check it out if you haven't seen it but a rival. as I say, another very good film starring Amy Adams. Adams plays the character of Louise Banks, who is an expert in linguistics and she's drafted in by the military. when twelve alien spacecraft land on Earth at various different places around the planet. She's given the task of basically trying to decipher the language that is spoken by these alien creatures and find out the answer to the question. Why are they here? Her character also seems to have this tragic past in which she was divorced from her husband and then her child contracted some kind of rare disease which eventually took that child's life. I'm just going to say a few things about this film what I thought about it, and then towards the end I'm not just gonna do spoilers. I'm gonna feel like this is the kind of film I need to in order to fully get to grips with the themes. And what? what it's actually all about? But don't worry, I won't go straight into them. I will let you know when I'm gonna do spoilers so you can turn off if you need to. As I say, right off the bat, Denis Villeneuve. killing it once more, Sicario was in the top ten of last year prisoners, as well as really great film. and I'm really looking forward to his take on Blade Runner, But this is equally a great film to film about ideas, and it's a film about humanity and pain, loss and love, basically and beautiful moments kind of mixed in with painful moments. And how yeah, you got to take the rough with the smooth. It's a very slow-moving film. It takes a while to kind of get to where it's going to. There's a moment when they first get into the ship. When Amy Adams, character and character played by Jeremy. he was a scientist who they team up with her to basically go in the ship and make contact with these aliens, and that whole scene where they're getting inside the ship. It does take a while, and I got to say it's a little laborious. That is really my only kind of down on the film. It's just it's just those moments. It takes a while to get going, but once you get into it, this is a film about ideas, as I say in about humanity, Because these alien ships have London, to all these different places around the world, different countries are dealing with them in their own unique way. So you've got like China, whose are prepared to go to war, And then you've got four other countries who are like kind of following suit with them. They're They're prepared to follow China's lead. And then you've got other countries who are trying to do it in a peaceful manner, trying to get to grips with what's going on, And then you've got other countries that are too busy thinking about what other countries are doing, So that's causing a lot of political kind of strife. So yeah, it's It's a very good film that deals with what would actually be the effects of aliens coming down to Earth while we have all that. While we have that kind of global scale about the film, it's a very big picture story. It is also a very intimate film And he's really all about this character played by Amy Adams, So we, we kind of follow her personal story. We see these flashbacks that she has to her child to losing her child to losing her husband, and it grounds that film. It grounds it in a very personal intimate story. This is a much warmer performance here by Adams than the previous week's film. Nocturnal animals. Like I said, with that film, she had a bit of an uphill struggle because the character wasn't a very easy character to like on the page, but she did very well with it to actually make us sympathize with her here. However, right off the bat, we sympathize with her. You know, when you start a film with your main character losing their child, that's it. you're on their side. So yeah, she's definitely a much easier character to like here, And her performance as always with Adams is absolutely spot-on Jeremy Renner also offers typically brilliant support. is an actor who I don't often think of and I'm thinking of really great actors. But then when I look at his career, when I look at some of the films he's done, he is actually a really great solid actor. He does a very good job of showing this man who's falling for this woman that he's working with, But because he respects her and it's not like an overblown kind of look story, We don't get into the typical romance tropes that you get in other films. There's just a lot of subtle moments that kind of builds this relationship of respect between the two film does a really good job of holding the mystery of keeping you guessing. It's one of them films where you kind of get 2/3 of the way through of it and then you start to kind of panic because you like if it just keeps on going this way and then just suddenly ends If it's one of those films where it's gonna demand a second watch and a third watch and fourth watch just to start to get to grips with it, Then, yeah, duck, that was kind of worrying me, because I just wasn't in a stayer mind, to be honest, but it does tie everything together in the in the last five minutes. Boom, Eureka. it all ties together and you understand the ending? I think if you're not paying attention, then it might escape you. You might go away from. Yeah, you are paying attention. Then definitely it's a film you will understand. It's easy enough to understand. I think so, if you're put off by that kind of film by the likes Twin Peaks, you're kind of David Lynch type stuff that is really hard to penetrate. Don't worry. I don't think this is that kind of film. I think it does hold mystery throughout, but it's all tied up towards the end. Ultimately it just feels very real, and I think that's the best way to play Sci Fi for me personally, Is is when you can, when you can ground it, when you can kind of know land ice hit, so to speak, it just makes it more personal. It makes it more relatable. It doesn't feel so high concept. So out there like I said, I did want to go into spoilers and I'm gonna do that now. So if you've not seen the film and you don't want it spoil in, go away, come back later. There's a line in the film when Jeremy Renner's character is on a conversation with Amy Adams Is character and they're talking about language. Obviously, this character, Louise, played by Adams. She is a linguistics expert and she talks about her, and Rena talks about how, when you learn another language and you start to speak that language, it changes your whole perception of the world. It can completely reorient Ate you into a different way of thinking, Because I did not, because you're getting into touch with the way a particular culture speaks. I guess that is deliberately set up so that we understand the payoff, which is that, as the film goes on, we start to learn that these flashbacks that Amy Adams character is having that Louise is having and not flashbacks at all, they are flash forwards. So she didn't lose her daughter. She didn't get divorced. She is going to lose her daughter and she is going to get divorced. So by getting to grips with this alien language by being able to speak it, that is how she is able to see into the future. She's able to look at time, not as linear but as nonlinear, So she's able to see moments from all over the place and know what's coming. Know what's gonna happen, So we learn at the end of the film that obviously, this character played by Rena is the guy who becomes her husband. He's the one she's gonna have this child with, and he leaves her, From what we can tell from the film, because she knows what's happening, She's seen it. She knows that this child that they have, they're gonna lose and he can't take that. He really can't deal with it and he leaves. They. they get a divorce. Villeneuve is definitely that we say, preoccupied with the darker side of humanity, So I would say that this is his most hopeful film Now I've not seen in Sundays. I still need to see that film, but from the ones I've seen, this is his most hopeful, I think, because as much as it has its darker elements, This whole idea that Louise can see her future, she knows what's gonna happen. It's also filled with hope. It's also filled with beauty. because she essentially makes the choice. at the end. They're actually all that pain that I know I'm gonna suffer is worth it Because of the moments of beauty I'm gonna get with my child with my unborn child. Is it worth it that that's the thing if if you know your future, if you could wipe out the painful moments from your future, and in order to do so, you would have to wipe out a lot of the beautiful moments. And that's the trade-off Can you take the rough with the smooth? But there you go. a really great film once again by Denis Villeneuve. I don't think it's his best, but when you're dealing with someone like Villeneuve, that's not really a diss on the film because he's put out some pretty fantastic work. I still think Sicario is his best. I'd probably put this second. I don't know. Enemy's still pretty good as well, But yeah, I would give this a 4 out of 5. I'm still torn. I'm I don't have to give it a 4 in half or a 4. I'm gonna give it a 4 out of 5. If you've seen a rival, please comment below and let me know what you thought about it and tell me what you think is Denis Villeneuve. Best film until next time. thanks for watching.