We've a wonderful evenings entertainment lined up for you. Hey, what's up, you guys? this is Stephie, Aka, In my humble opinion, and welcome back to another Imho Film club movie review. In this video, we are going to be reviewing the highly anticipated movie musical Rock in the Desert concert, drama, traumatic, low-key traumatic film, entitled A Star is born, So stars born stars Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper, Sam Elliott's Andrew Dice Clay, Anthony Ramos and Dave Chappelle, among others. the movie was directed by Bradley Cooper, And if you guys didn't know, this is actually his directorial debut. So congrats Bradley, and, according to Imdb the screenplays also by Bradley Cooper, Eric Roth and Will Fedders, So Stars Board is basically about a famous seasoned singer named Ping Shaq, played by Bradley Cooper, who meets a unknown singer songwriter named Ali, played by Lady Gaga, and Jack becomes very enamored by Ali and he is so impressed with her natural ability for singing and songwriting that he decides to mentor her and take her under his wing. Eventually, of course the two fall in love, and throughout the course of the movie we see her star on the rise, while his star is on the demise, and we see how their relationship is affected by the fact that these two people are at different points in their careers, and also by the fact that Bradley Cooper's character is dealing with a very serious addiction to drugs and alcohol. It's also important to note too, that the stars Board is actually a remake of a Star is born. This is the fourth time that a star spore has been remade. The first iteration of A Stars Born actually came out in 1937, starring Janet Gaynor and Freddie March, the second version of A Stars Born came out in 1954, starring Judy Garland and James Mason, and the third iteration of A Stars Born came out in 1976, starring of course Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson. as an all movie reviews on this channel, I'm going to be talking about the pros and then the cons, and then I'm going to be giving my overall rating, so let's just get into this also, before I begin. I just want to put it up right now. this is a movie review filled with spoilers, So if you haven't watched the movie yet, maybe put this video on pause. So my first part of this movie is that it was beautifully and intimately directed and shot by utilizing a lot of close-up shots. and also this handheld shakiness. The movie felt as if you were watching a concert documentary. It felt so intimate and raw, and as if you were experiencing everything with these characters from the moment that Bradley Cooper's character like rushes into the car, and we see the flashing lights of the paparazzi shining through the window. - Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga's characters performing in the desert. It just felt like we were experiencing all of this with them and the shots of the desert were so beautiful. Job. well done. - cinematographer of this movie, His name is Matthew Allah Batik. I personally hate the desert. So the fact that after watching this movie I was like Dang, I want to like, get on the back of the motorcycle or just go. Ah, just kidding, But the fact that he was able to make the desert just look like this fantasy sweeping place, and additionally, I just thought that Bradley Cooper as director was able to get really great performances, obviously out of himself, but also out of Lady Gaga. So kudos to Bradley Cooper, because this was his directorial debut. Alright, so my second part of this movie are the performances and I usually just like lump all of this together, but I feel like Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper each deserve their own talking points. So my second part of this movie is Lady Gaga. In this movie. I just felt you did such a great job and granted, some people are gonna say Well, it's not such a far reach for a singer to portray a singer. But here's the thing in the first hour of this movie. Lady Gaga is playing this person named Ali, and Ali is someone who isn't famous in that first hour when she's trying to make sense of Jack's world. I just thought she was doing such a great job because in real life she is the Bradley Cooper character. I just found it fascinating for her to be playing someone on the other side of it all, And she did such a believable job in doing that, one of my favorite scenes in this movie And it was actually the scene that really like, moved to me to the point where I was crying and I usually don't cry at scenes like this, But it was when Allie went on stage with Jack for the first time and she is singing her song and she's kind of like Oh my God, I can't believe this is happening to me And she does this thing where she buries her face in her hands, because she's just so overwhelmed by what is happening to her and I found that so moving. there's something about watching a person realizing their dreams and real time and the overwhelmingness of that emotion and situation just really overpowering that person. And the way that Lady Gaga acted in that scene was just so sincere and genuine. And you know, of course, because we're ready talking about Lady Gaga. I have to give kudos to her singing in this entire movie. A lot of these songs are very emotional and you could really hear the raw emotion in the way that she was singing the song. So yeah, I just thought Lady Gaga did a great job in this movie. All right. My third part of this movie is Bradley Cooper. Oh my God, Whoo, Bradley Cooper, Wow, wow, wow, wow, his character Jack. He's so likeable and endearing and from what I've heard about the other past iterations of a stars born, Apparently that character isn't really likable or endearing and he comes off as a bit of an ass. But in this movie that character Jack, he's someone that over the course of the movie you really grow to care for and have great empathy for and compassion for the fact that he is such a likeable and endearing character is kind of what makes what happens to him at the end of the movie really really depressing. And what I loved about the way Bradley Cooper portrayed Jack is, you can really the progression of the addiction and how it really begins to take its toll on Jack in the scenes when Jack is just drunk off his mind, and when Jack is actually like cognizant and present, the give away in his state of being was always by his eyes, and additionally, the moment when Jack makes a decision of Ok, I'm going to commit suicide, you can see a switch go off mentally in his character and again, it's all seen through here in his eyes, and for me personally, I interpreted that moment to be when Ali's manager goes to talk to Jack and then Jack is laying down in bed with Ali. You actually don't really even see Ali for a good portion of the scene. When they're lying in bed. It's all a close-up on Jack's face and on his eyes. So yeah, Bradley Cooper. use those eyes. All right. My fourth Pro to this movie was the chemistry between Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. Oh my God, Wow, you really fall in love with these two characters as a couple. And the fact that you really get to see these two characters, Me and fall in love is just very like. Oh, moving. and it has you in your feelings. Especially in that first half of the movie, You can really see that there is such a genuine care and affection that these two characters have for one another, which is what makes the second hour of this movie so devastating to watch, because in the first hour it's Jack and Ali in their own desert world, playing the music, traveling from show to show, just loving and being with one another, And then the second hour of the movie Once Ali's star begins to rise and her own career starts to take off, and Jack's addiction just keeps getting worse and worse and worse. You see how a lot of things start to tear these two people apart, and they don't really get to share as many intimate moments as they did in the first hour of the movie. But despite all of that in the moments when they do get to be together and one another, there is such a great intimacy and bond that these two characters share my favorite parts. About watching this couples love story in the movie was like the details, the way that Jack looks at Ali and how he is so enamored with the shape of her note was in the scene when they are riding on the motorcycle together and he's like touching her boob. You're just like. Oh my God, All right, my fifth pro to this movie is the portrayal of what it looks like to be in a relationship with an addict. I personally think that in a lot of movies and television shows this kind of story tends to be romanticized, but in this particular movie it just showed how painful it is for the people involved in that relationship. The most prominent scene that showed how difficult it is to be in a relationship with an addict was the whole Grammy sequence when Ally is just trying so hard to keep some level of dignity for her and her husband, and she is thanking her husband, while Jack is just wandering around the stage, and then when he pees himself and Ally covers him with her dress, it's just so. Oh my God, that scene was so hard to watch. It was so heartbreaking. I think it also just goes to show how much Ally as a person loves her husband. Her character easily could have been angry at Jack right then and there, like thrown him under the bus and left him. But she was someone who was still trying to cover him up, like literally cover him up during that scene. A couple scenes later when Jack is apologizing for Ally about what happened at the Grammys Like that is so hard to watch because there's such a level of vulnerability and raw honesty that has to take place in those types of scenes, so I felt like that was a really great moment in the story as well. You really see Jack battling with the ups and downs that come with addiction, And there are some days where he is fine and there's other days where he really really relies heavily on the alcohol or the drugs to keep him going Alright. My sixth part of this movie is the way that they handled Jack's suicide. It's really interesting too, because when Jack's character is introduced to us and he's in the car, there's a moment where he looks out the window and up in a billboard, and then he kind of looks back and in the background you see like this poster. I think it might have been from some sort of Trevor campaign Like it gets better sort of thing, But it was like a rainbow poster and there were multiple nooses on the poster and I thought that was an interesting way of foreshadowing what Jack was eventually going to do at the end of the movie. I felt like the way that they handled Jack's suicide was handled in a very sensitive manner, which I appreciate it. I liked that we didn't see how in fact he did it just the way that they showed Jack getting things taken care of for the final time, making sure that the dog had food, putting his cowboy hat down for the final time and I just thought that was such a really great subtle way of showing what was going to happen because we've seen his character in a cowboy hat for like a majority of the movie, so for him to finally put that cowboy hat down for the final time was really effectively done, and then just a far-away shot of the dog sitting and waiting in front of the garage, and just these red and blue lights blinking. That was pretty much all we needed to see in terms of Jack's suicide. So I like that. You know, I'm like 13 reasons why he that showed shot-for-shot how she did it. I like how that was just handled in a very sensitive way. All right, my seven for this movie. Speaking of the dog is the dog. Oh my God, I just thought that dog is so cute. I believe that's Bradley Cooper's dog, actually in real life, and his name is Charlie and the scenes with Bradley Cooper and the dogs specifically playing in the backyard Like Had we dying? So Yeah, shout out to the dog. And my final part of this movie is the title card. I thought the title card was so stunning and I loved how as the title card was revealing itself, Lady Gaga was singing somewhere over the rainbow, which is obviously an homage to Judy Garland, who of course was in Stars Born, Which is great. The minute I saw that title card, I was like Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are not around. So great title card. All right, So my first con of this movie is the pacing and a link. so in terms of pacing, I felt like the beginning of the movie. Everything was happening so fast, which I guess in a way makes sense because it's a bit of a whirlwind about Lady Gaga's characters being swept into the world of Jacks entertainment, music, singing business world, so I could kind of excuse that, but then by the second hour I did feel like there were moments when if dragged, and that kind of perfectly segues into the length of this film. in terms of it being like two hours and 15 minutes. I believe that is really really long. Even though I enjoy watching this film, I felt you could have easily cut out 30 minutes from this film so it wouldn't drag as much as it did. All right. So my second cons, this movie is, I didn't necessarily buy into Ali. Now suddenly be a star. The thing is, it's like they had the right steps to show that suddenly Ali gets approached by the manager and now she has backup dancers. Now she has a brand new wig. There's her billboard and she's now performing at Saturday Night Live and now she won the Best New Artist Grammy like they had all of those steps, but in spite of all of that I still didn't necessarily buy into the fact that now this person Ali is like a huge megastar. I don't know if it's because Ali was still very much isolated from her fame in terms of who was always her and Jack just living in that house together, and he never really saw like paparazzi following her around, or he never saw a new social circle trying to get into Ali's camp. I don't know who was missing those elements, But when her narrative art started to take this turn of Ali is now becoming a star and now she's a big superstar. It was like Really her, All right - my third con - This movie is, in spite of the title, this movie being called a star sport. I definitely felt like it had more of a focus towards of Bradley Cooper's character, which I was like. It's a little bit misleading, and for me like that really started again to take place more so in the second hour versus the first hour, because in the first hour I felt like it was very much equal parts her story in his story, and I did feel a little bit. There was more of a focus on her in the first hour, but then again, kind of like what I was saying earlier when her narrative art became now her stars on the rise. I felt like the focus wasn't on her as much as I would have liked it to have been. Or maybe it was really because Bradley Cooper's story was just being told more convincingly and it was more interesting for me personally to watch when I was listening to a review of the Barbra Streisand version of The Stars for Barbra Streisand. She directed that, and I heard like there was more of a focus on her character versus her male counterpart. In that and again, That make sense because the movies called Stars porn, so focusing on Barbara, not to say, Bradley Cooper, since he's the one that directed it was being selfish or anything like that. I don't think that's what what's happening? But maybe unconsciously, the narrative focus became more about his character, potentially because he was the one directing it. because for me, I personally felt that Bradley Cooper's narrative arc in the second hour was more the crux of the story, and it was really like the heart of this story, and if anything, I felt like Lady Gaga's character Ally in that second hour, Especially in that last half-hour was serving more of a purpose in Bradley's narrative art. Alright, my fourth con to this movie is personally, I felt a bit shortchanged in terms of a particular scene that I wish would have gotten. and that is, I wish we would have seen or gotten hints of Ali's reaction. Upon first finding out that Jack had committed suicide. The movie got us emotionally invested in these two. as a couple. We saw the first moment when they meet each other. For the very first time we saw the story of them falling in love with one another, and we just saw all the nitty-gritty details of that relationship, the ups and the downs, and for me, Jack's suicide, and her finding out for the very first time what had happened to him is an essential part of this couples story. For me personally, I felt like we were robbed of that and we deserve to see that moment. It would have definitely been devastating and hard to watch. but I still think in terms of telling the story of this couple that is a very important element of their story, I wish we would have gotten that scene even if it wasn't necessarily. We see like the whole conversation of them telling Ali this is what happened. Like if they would have just showed police officers coming into Ali's dressing room, Ali being confused, and then, right as the cameras about to enter the room, the door shuts like That's all we need. We. I just wanted some insinuation. Okay, Ali is about to find out right now what has happened to Jack. All right, this is the scariest con that I have. Honestly, I'm a little nervous to say this because I don't want the Lady Gaga fans to attack me. No offense to her. I think she's a phenomenal very talented artist. but I will say quick disclaimer. I'm a really really huge Whitney Houston fan like I love Whitney Houston. Prior to watching this movie, I did hear that there was a song that was gonna be performed at the very end of this movie by Lady Gaga and this was supposed to be like Lady Gaga's I will always love you. I'm referring to I'll never love again. As the song started, I thought it was really pretty, but then there's something that happens in the song where it's suddenly I'm not a music for digger. He thinks I don't know how to articulate this in the correct technical form, but this song suddenly starts sounding very, very similar to a ballad that would have come out of the 90s. I think what for me hurts me the most Is this song. Did it sound like any of the other songs that we had listened to throughout the duration of this movie again? I'm a huge Whitney stand, and in my personal opinion, I just feel like this song sounds like it's trying so hard to be liked. And I've always loved you at the end of the movie, Just my personal opinion. But what I will say, You know which song I really really loved and I wish was actually in the movie and wasn't just an credits song. Is that Alright? It sounds like it's in the same family as the other songs we heard throughout this entire movie. I wish is that All right would have played a larger role in the actual movie itself. But yeah, in my personal opinion, as a Whitney Stan, I'll never love again is just not. I will always love you. Alright. So my overall rating for this movie, I am going to give it a solid, solid, A - I know a lot of people attend. - I roll whenever there is a new Hollywood movie about the entertainment business or show business, and how difficult it is for these entertainers trying to achieve their dreams. And while those kinds of stories may be oversold to the general public, and why definitely isn't the most original story, Considering that this is the fourth time that this movie has been remade. What sets this movie apart is the performances of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga and how real these characters felt, and how much you genuinely as an audience member, grew to have a lot of compassion and empathy for these characters as you saw them struggling to navigate show business. This movie does a really great job with just showing the general pitfalls that one may face when working in the entertainment industry, whether it's addiction issues or trying to stay true to who you are and what you have to say as an artist. And alright, that's about it for this video. If you liked it, please give this video a thumbs up. Don't forget to hit the subscribe button and please turn on the notification button down below so you note a new video from me comes out and comment down below. Your thoughts on a Star is born. What was your favorite song of this movie for me? Like I said, I loved that. Alright, this battle right is just not song for me. So yeah, let me know your thoughts on the movie and your thoughts on soundtrack. As always, everything I said was just my own personal thoughts and all my humble opinion, and I will see you guys in the next one. bye.