From [Applause] all right, so let's see now if this movie is worth all the hype. My name is Brendan Keith Avery, and this is just my opinion. Hey, what's going on? Everyone. Thank you so much for tuning into my appearance. Lash review for a star is born. I really do appreciate it. Now. This family stars born is a remake of the 1937 original film of the same name, which I have not seen, And actually this is the fourth film that is being remade by the same title. The interesting thing is the past three film was one of the main protagonists in the film which Bradley Cooper is playing in this New Age One. In 2018, his name was Norman, but in this film here his name is Jack. So that's one of the differences that I noticed when I was trying to look up some information and Bradley Cooper is the writer and director of this film. This is also his directorial debut and I'll just go ahead and say that he did a damn good job. You know, he actually said in the past that he wanted to get into directing before acting, But sometimes things just don't work out the way that we planned. But you know, of course he's a great actor, and I can now say that he is a great director. at least based on this film. Now there has been a lot of buzz with this film right here. It debuted at a, I think it was the Venice Film Festival earlier this year in August, 13, August 31st of this year, After the film Play After it finished, You know, they got a Bradley Cooper Lady Gaga. They got a standing ovation for about eight minutes And there's been so much Oscar buzz around this film to saying, You know how great the performances is and you know all that good stuff and it is gonna get some occur Oscar recognition and I will go ahead and say that I do agree with that. I'm just going to say that this is a fantastic film. It's a beautiful film. I would be pretty surprised if it did not get any type of Oscar nom nominations or even win. But why not only because it's a great story, but we have some great performances by both Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga herself. Now, I am not necessarily a little Gaga fan. I don't have anything against her, but I can say that after watching this movie right here, I am a fan of Lady Gaga. I mean, she did a great job singing on stage on screen and she did a great job performing, and this movie right here is going to make me want to pay attention to her work going on now in the future, But like, why is this movie good to me? Why is it so great? Like I said, It's a great story is full of passion and emotions and I'm just really fond of. like where the film focused. What it's about is Bradley Cooper's character, Jack. He is a seasoned music musician. He has some alcohol and drug problems that he's dealing with, you know, but he's still. you know, a fantastic musician and you know, just by you know, going around the block or by look, or however you want to say it, he runs into Lady Gaga's character by the name of Allie, and you know he just sees something in her, and just once her to reach these these Heights. You know he wants her to reach these goals of being. You know, the best new songwriter slash musician, and he's just kind of helping her along the way. Now, This feeling might here, could have copied on a lot of the cliche tropes. You know, three-act structure of a film to where you know, you see the rise in the fall of. you know a said actor, actress, or you know, performer, musician, or something like that, and how it focuses on. You know how they try to, you know, go into the media and try to cater to everyone and become like the next best pop star and things like that and how it turns them down, you know, on the inside out and things like that. Know, this film didn't really focus on that at all. What it focused on was the characters themselves and their relationship And you know just kind of how they dealt with things, And I was just about to give us full up, but I don't. I don't want to do that, but you know, the song choices in this family here are just beautiful. I mean, they really had a lot of weight to them and meaning and you felt it when you know they were singing on stage, and Lady Gaga also said in the past interview that she is tired of looking at movies to where the actors or actresses are trying to pretend and live synch with the real songs, and they really just don't do a great job there. And of course she would have a great eye because she is a real life, you know recording artist, So she kind of knows her stuff. She knows her lane, as far as that's concerned, So her, I'm Bradley Cooper, did get together and practice singing live on stage, you know, off camera and on camera, And you know that practice paid off because they just made a great duet on screen on stage And you know I just thought it was really fantastic. Bradley Cooper, also say to himself in a couple of many views that he took singing for granted, because he just really did not know how are difficult it was, but he did take some voice acting, not voice acting but voice lessons, just to you know, really hit the nail down center home, you know, to give a great performance, but you know, like I said, the film didn't focus on all that extra crap. It really focused on their relationships and the demons that they have to deal with, And you know, when we're with me, a regular consumer, a regular person, or whatever one we see, Beyonce or Little Wayne or Lady Gaga or whoever the hell that is performing, whether they're on the movie screen, the Tv show or recording artists, or whatever, we kind of put them on a pedestal. That they're just like the perfect being and they have their life together and just there's nothing wrong and they just wake up every day, freshly bathed, Don't even have to wipe under their arms and put on deodorant. And this is everything is just you know, great and wonderful for them. But no, this film right here kind of just takes. it, gives you a different perspective of their life and just kind of shows you you know everything that you know. These normal people you know have to deal with. There was even a couple of scenes to where you know like it's kind of rude to wear. when you see a celebrity, you kind of just jump off in their face like Hey, can I take a picture? Kind of like a picture that Yatta, Yatta, Me, and then you know like they just want to eat their hamburger on fire - or wood, or whatever, you know, I'm saying, like everybody else, they don't want to be bothered, and the film kind of dealt with it, and I like the way that they dealt with him. I kind of said that back to back, another thing that was just kind of fascinating to me is just like their relationship, and you know just kind of how they handle this certain situation that you know they had to go through and like different hardships and things like that. and one of the things that spoke to me the most when I was watching this film is in something that I can relate to something that I did. We're going up as always wrong about what other people think of you and that you shouldn't do that. It's just really none of your business. you know. Do your thing. Don't worry about what other people think, and if you really have, if you truly really, just have somebody that's down for you like a down-ass chick, or down as dude, or whatever, you know. I'm saying that just has your back. No matter what. There's your support system right there. That's all you have to worry about. As far as somebody worrying about you, All that other stuff is just you know, random noise that you can, you know. just let go through one ear and out the other And you know this film really put that on the forefront, but it was a beautiful film. Great performances, great acting, great singing, great passion, great emotion. I didn't tear up or anything like that when I was watching it, but I can hear all those sniffles and you know, runny noses and all that when the theater, when I was watching other people just getting really emotional And so I really do recommend you see this film is like I said, It's fantastic. It's just the beautiful film on so many levels, and I would really be surprised if it did not get any type of Oscar attention. If I had the rate of stars born out of a 1 out of 10. I will give this a nine point five out of 10. Yes, a nine point five out of 10. But guys, that is just my opinion. Have you seen the stars born or do you want to see it? Have I turned you on? How about turned you off? Do you agree with me or do you disagree with me? Let me know. down in the comment section below, let's get this conversation going and keep it flowing. If you liked this video, go ahead and give me the thumbs up. and if you don't that's fine, but you can still subscribe to my channel and please subscribe to my channel, Guys. I would like to hit my goal at the end of this year of reaching 10,000 subscribers, and I can only do that by your help by subscribing to my channel and also sharing this video with your friends and family. You can also look me up on social media, Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. All that good stuff is right there at the bottom of your screen, And I made it very easy by providing a link. so good stuff down in the description box below. But guys, I just want to thank you again for tuning in to my opinion, Slash review of a star is born, and before you go, don't forget that my name is Bernie Keith Avery, and that's just my pen piece.