How, everybody, and welcome back to another Friday, Friday, Friday reviews, Friday, Friday, Friday, film review, and today I'm really exciting. so we were talking about a movie that is new with in cinemas while it came out in the Uk at the weekend, and I went to see it on Wednesday and it is inside out, so I'm sure most of you probably already seen it inside out and then set out is definitely something I have been really excited about. I'm waiting for for quite a long time since I saw the first trailer, or like, maybe teaser trailer and the picture, which was kind of just up brain, with a little things inside you from that poster that came out probably last year or so. Anyways, I've been really excited about it. I've seen the trailer, which I know kind of goes against my thing. I. It just was everywhere. that trailer I've recently I turned on. It was a trailer beginning. I think the trailer was when I want to see drastic world anyway. So just you know, I seen the trailer. But why do say about inside out? Is they didn't give too much away with the trail. I was definitely very surprised. It was definitely different than I expected it to be, and I really really enjoyed it. and now something great. I think about Pixar, Which this is what I was. I've been thinking about so sort last night, and then today I've kind of been just kind of thing about our thoughts and I'm glad that I didn't do the review straight after I watched movies. I definitely have more thoughts now into the next day, and I think with Disney, let you know, Frozen Big here at six, to mention recent ones, and we get. I leave a Disney movie feeling great and fun and like, Had a fun time. I leave a Pixar movie. My, mostly not necessarily probably not with the Monsters University At was a little bit different. I think maybe, but most Pixar movies, I leave the Pixar movie and I really have a lot to think about that. I think that's definitely one of those movies. There's a scene in this movie that is just really really stuck with me. I mean, I wrote in a min a day, but it really struck me and I can't wait to watch the movie again when it comes on blu-ray. so yeah, I'm definitely all for this movie. I liked that. I had a lot of thing for efforts, but any nice, get on to what the movies about. So basically we have a little girl called Riley, She's 11. In this movie, I knew she was mom and dad. She's only child, and basically they move from I think Minnesota to San Francisco. I think it's Minnesota than before. I didn't move to San Francisco. And obviously, you know, she's got to leave friends behind and she's got to go to a new school and she's got to leave her hockey team behind, which he loves, and all this stuff and she's kind of. it's basically I've got the outside situation and then most of the story goes on with inside her head. I'm sure you probably all know this. I mean, who doesn't know what inside-out us about yet? But anyway, we have the emotions inside the head which we have joy, sadness, disgust, anger and fear. Is there any more joy? sadness, disgust, anger and fear. I think it's fat if ya know. I said yeah, and my favorite emotion was definitely sadness, and I was really happy about how much she was actually in this movie. At first, I already had two. felt like she was my favorite before was in the movie. I was all excited for the movie. I decided her like I played the little app on my phone, which is actually really cool. He hadn't played inside our app. I'd recommend It's fun and yeah, played the app. And I've like sadness, and I loved her in this movie, Chef. That didn't disappoint me. I think my second favorite character was probably joy. She's kind of our main character because basically you know, inside this headquarters where all these emotions are droids, kind of in charge. She's kind of wanting to keep Riley happy. Obviously, you know, and the others kind just bit in every now and then. I'm see a joy I really liked as well. Now we also have a few moments, but not very many. I think maybe I would have personally likes her to be a few more of these moments. Cuz, I found I'm really funny, but I think maybe kids wouldn't as much, but basically it's a few times when we get to inside the mom and dad's head, and I thought that was hilarious. I love that I loved the mom dad's heads. I went inside. There's I thought that was really funny. Those scenes definitely made me laugh. The first half of the movie. I definitely got a lot of laughs and I found it funny and it was relatable and it was cute and it was just it was funny. Discussed. Definitely made me laugh a lot at one point and I was just laughing. I haven't really laughed too much like that in a movie before. Oh, well, not before. but you know recently and it was so funny. I'm so cute. And then the second half of the movie. Definitely what I don't want to say. Sad. It was kind of sad, but not in a bad way. Not sad about it was just kind of that kind of heart hurting, Lee. sad, but happy kind of thing. I'm and it was surprising. The way that it ended was definitely interesting. I like the message. Obviously I can't give. I don't wanna give too much wags. If you have this in. Maybe I definitely think you should just go and see it and be surprising, loved it. But if you have seen, you probably know all the things I'm talking about it if you need to explain it, but um, yeah, there was things that happened. I didn't expect you. I could say. we have kind of our main characters of joy and sadness. They're kind of the main main 2, I'd say, And, and the relationship between the two of them was really really interesting. I really loved it and I especially loved. sad. This, his story that progress throughout the whole film. I thought it's fantastic. I loved it. I loved the concept of it and the idea and the kind of message behind the whole story. And then we also have another character called Bing Bong. And at first I was like being. I'm not really gonna tell you who being wrong is. You Probably see a picture of him. I thought. what what is Bing? Bong? Sao looked him off. Like What is this? And yeah, he's actually really really awesome and he's at first. I kind of Italy was a warm to Bing bong, and then once I'm warm to Bing Bong. I just loved being what I think. he's probably, He's a tie, Joy and Bing Bong and my second favorite character. I just loved them and I don't know. There's so much thought, kind of ending part in his situation. After you've seen the movie. He's definitely been known. I've been thinking about the most since finishing a movie and I loved him. He was great. I'm see it all the carrots fantastic, all the kind of iconic spent. I don't say worlds, because that's not quite what I mean, but they. They kind of go through a lot of places in the mind and its really interested. For example, you know the talk about long-term memory and the subconscious and deja vu and all these little cool online things like really cool, which little kids might not get, but definitely older people. Older kids will, and like adults, And you know stuff like that, they will get fat and it's really cool how they've done that And it's just really quick. I loved the memories and the core memories and it was just really really interested. I mean, I'm sure you could. There's to be super unique. I think that's what I love about it most. It's just so original. I've never really seen anything like it before and it was kind of felt like so much thought was put into everything in the movie and each character and I just loved it. honestly. I really really really enjoyed. it. Can't wait to watch it again. There's so much that can be said about it. I'm sure we have probably heard somebody else say about it all. You should definitely go and see it yourself. I definitely would give it five stars. I really, really really enjoy. It's a great Pixar movie. I thought we can always rely on Picsart and bring out our fantastic movie. So Yes, definitely, go see inside out. You haven't already. Can't wait. Just, I just AM all inside outness. Now, I just kind of want it. I don't know. I just love all the characters. I want to watch it again. It was great. It was lovely, it was sad, it was heartwarming. It was funny. It made me laugh, And it's just all the stuff And see, I looked inside out. Let me know down below what you think about inside up. Have you seen it? Who was your favorite character? I definitely like to know that actually, my favorite sadness, my second favorite Sarge, Oi'm, Bing Bong and I realized off to all them it's not any character Said I didn't like. It wasn't really any bad. like it wasn't really any villainous characters, which was really really interesting. because oftentimes this is the bad guy, is the good guys. It wasn't really like that. We've definitely kind of had a deeper meaning to. I think this movie which I really really liked. Yes, if you guys have seen in set up, let me know the Carlos thumbs up. If you enjoyed this video this Friday reviews. I'll see you guys next time. Thank you, watching Goodbye.