What is up, guys, Stu here? So this week I was lucky enough to get my booty over to a very advanced screening of a film which I was incredibly excited for. It's been released over across the pond in the States for a little while now, and it's doing great over there. Doesn't actually come out over here in the Uk until mid February next year, But I got myself over to the screening of it. That film was moonlight, so that's all about that. So moonlights directed by Barry Jenkins. It's basically telling the story of this kid called Tyrone, and we see him in three stages of his life, and the fact that we see him as a kid, nicknamed little as he's trying to deal with growing up in a troubled environment. You know, his mum's a crack addict. He doesn't really have a father figure in his life. Let me go through to the second up. We see him as a young man in school and he's dealing with sort of discovering himself and his place in the world. In that sense before we move through into the final act, were seen as a full grown man and adult, so sort of like a coming-of-age film told over three parts, as we sort of see this main character's life in these three stages, And you guys know Coming-of-age films are one of my favorite genres or films. I love a good Coming of age film. That's I was excited for this one and it did not disappoint at all. This film absolutely blew me away. I love basically everything about it. I'm fully expecting it to rake in all the awards ever. It's just so good, so Phone's got a really great cast of people we've seen before, mixed in with a bunch of newcomers who I've not seen acting anything before, and they were just fantastic across the board. I mean the serratus we played shyrone in the respective parts of his life that we're seeing in each act just did a fantastic job. I mean, we're lucky enough to get a Q&A with the director Barry Jenkins afterwards, in which he explained that the three actors playing the central character never actually met or kind of discussed the character with each other. They just sort of did it in their own ways, And I mean it's a really interesting character to see performed by three different people, because they each bring their own different things to it, but there are also really interesting things that are similar throughout all their performances, which are unintentional or perhaps are intentional, but which weren't actually discussed between the actors playing the character, which means that we do get a very kind of interestingly well-rounded character to look at. Doesn't feel like we're watching three different actors giving a different interpretation of a character. It feels like we're just watching a progression of one character, which is exactly what you need in the performances they give are my favorite part of this film, Particularly Trayvon Rhodes, who plays black, or sort of the old adult version of genre, and as we see him in the film, I think he does a fantastic job. Is the way he uses silences, and the tension in his face in certain scenes in the final acts is just stunning to watch. I think he blew it out of the park. He was amazing, but alongside the guys playing showroom, we've got other actors who, as I said, I'm all recognizable, such as Naomi Harris, playing his mom in the film and Naomi Harris gives the best performance I've seen from Naomi Harris. Yeah, she's just fantastic in the film, completely unrecognizable to a certain point again. With the chance to chat to her and Brad Jenkins in the Q&A afterwards, it turns out she was only on set for three days on this film because a scheduling conflicts with Spector and sorting out visa problems with her working in the States. But three days, she was on this film for three days and gives all the best female performances I've seen all year. But also Muhammad Ali is in the film as well, Okay, Remmy from House of Cards, If that's where you know him from, That's where I know him from. I just that's all I see is, but he's fantastic in his own way as well, everyone on the cast side of things, giving great performances here that really do help suck you into a world which feels incredibly real and authentic and that sounds of the performances being so great, But it's also down to the incredible direction from Mary Jenkins. I've not seen any of his work before this, but oh my God, did this guy blow me away? There's just so much about this film from a directing standpoint which completely took me off guard and really floored me. That's not being a sort of fluidity and a movement in the direction of this film. It's a film which could get a little bit dizzying. To some. there's a little bit of shaky-cam here and there, but I already loved his decision to move to a more kinetic style of filmmaking, as opposed to the usual sort of over-the-shoulder style of dialogue. The way he moves his camera around different characters in each scene is really wonderful to watch. and there are certain moments between characters which are just fantastically directed. particularly just everything. In the final act of this film, there's also a couple of moments between Shiro and his mother, which are just fantastically elevated by the direction for Mary Jenkins, But he also helped write the film as well. He helped on the screenplay side of things, which is another reason I love this film. The dialogue between characters which I say he's the lack of dialogue between characters and certain scenes were just beautiful to watch. The main character of Shyrone is that character that really doesn't say a huge amount. Instead we understand a lot about his character and what he's going through for a lot of his facial expressions, his emotions, which are seen through his eyes, and just the way he kind of navigates the world. It's not really so much about the dialogue, as much as it is about the silence and what we can see in things he isn't saying, which can sound a little bit pretentious to say sometimes, but it is clearly an intention of Beara Jenkins to get that across through this film. There's one particular and I think it's a very final scene of the film which just blew me away. Just there's just a very long shot of a certain characters face in the moment, and you just completely understand what he's going through and see exactly what his emotions are in that point without him saying a single word, Cinema like that, and filmmakers that can get such subtle emotions across without saying anything are just amazing. in my books. It also allows for really interesting moments from a score and soundtrack perspective Because the Saturn in this film really is beautiful as well. It's an incredible juxtaposition of the sort of harsh hood reality that we're seeing in the film lining up against a lot of classical music again. something to Barry Jenkins said in Q&a was that it was a clear intention of his to use a soundtrack which you wouldn't necessarily assume would go with a film like this. At least in the past of cinema, seeing a little stories about black neighborhoods or a story like this, has been a tendency to go towards sort of the more kind of urban hip-hop style of things, and getting in a load of tracks in that sense, but I really admired the use of classical music here to juxtapose that. Let me say, this being played is just stunning to listen to As well, How does he can't really think of a lot wrong with this film? I was expecting it to be good. I wasn't expecting to be blown away quite as much as I was genuinely a very stunning film here, a story which deals with stuff and gives a different look on things, and we would usually get in traditional cinema and I appreciate that as well just seeing a story which is so refreshingly done. It's just wonderful to see. I love this film I haven't been able to stop thinking about ever since I saw it and I cannot wait to see it again. It's just a shame. I gotta wait three months. I. I don't want to do that, so I'm gonna go ahead and give Moonlight a very well-deserved five stars. It is simply stunning. The level of filmmaking on display here is just beautiful. But what about you guys? what do you think of moonlight? Have you seen it already? I know it's already out in the States and has been for a little while. so if you're over there and you've seen it, let me know what you thought in the comments below. If like me, you live over here in gray rainy Britain, then you probably gotta wait until February, but you may have got a chance to see it early. Like me if you have let me know. In comments below, I'd love to know. and as you've liked, reviewed on the steam, you talk about more, going click, subscribe, but until next time stay beautiful.