First requested to me by Hunter Brown and directed and co-written by Pete Docter. Inside-out is a 2015 Pixar animation film that accounts the story of Young Reilly and everything going on within her mind. Reilly is an only child, moves to San Francisco with her mom and dad at the age of 11 and has trouble coping with the move. At first. there's five emotions that help dictate her behaviors and decision-making and these five emotions all have something different to offer to Riley's personality and they include joy, sadness, anger, fear and disgust, And all these emotions attempt to provide Riley with the most well-rounded and satisfying life possible. But one day something goes terribly wrong and the five emotions are forced to solve an entirely new problem for Riley. All right. So when so? that was a film that I figured I need to watch again because I know that it's beloved by almost everyone inhaled. It's one of the best Pixar films today. Top 5 for most people at least, and well, for me, I remember watching it back in 2015 and thinking it was all right, but not want to Pixar's best like everyone else was saying, I enjoyed it, but I didn't fall in love with it like many others did, And when I watched it again yesterday I still feel pretty much the same way. I think that there are exceptional moments in this film and other moments, and even long stretches of time. Actually, where just loses me. Basically anything that has Riley in it or addresses her, actually facing real problems, relatable problems at almost every viewer can understand and empathize with her on. That's when I like it when I don't like it is when something happens, This sends two of the emotion characters off from the rest of the group and it separates them from the group in a separate plotline. They sort of takes over the film and they have to find their way back to the headquarters. This guy little plot line, This whole conflict just kind of lost me and I found this act in general plotline to be kind of boring and emotionally dry. I think any time that we actually see Riley and the effect that her emotions are actually having on her and the difficulty she's experiencing as an 11 year old child, dealing with a difficult move, On Top of other things, That's when the movie hooks me, It got me in the fields there, because, even though I've never had to deal with a difficult move specifically like that, there's plenty of other things that she's going through that I could relate to feelings of insecurity trying to fit in and make friends feeling like no one understands how you're feeling. In general, these are all complex feelings and just things that kids go through that I think Pixar tackles pretty creatively and pretty effectively and inside out. The problem for me is that they don't always stick to it. This movie really got me in the fields quite a bit actually, but like I said, it just loses me. Every. the two emotions go off on their own plot line and start trying to navigate their way to return to the control center and we stabilize things for Riley. At this point the film starts to focus too heavily on characters that, in my opinion, just aren't quite strong enough to stand on their own for this plotline. You primarily follow Joy and Sadness, played by Amy Poehler and Phyllis Smith, respectively, who performed the role admirably but are ultimately voicing characters that feel very uninspired. It's not like these characters don't have distinct personalities. They certainly do, but I just feel like they're not that interesting and they can't effectively carry the story along as a buddy duo the way the film asked them to. but like I mentioned, I do have to get Pixar credit for creating a really compelling and creative story here. Pretty much every Pixar film in existence delivers something for everyone. It delivers fun. it delivers silly, but it also delivers a story that has way more depth to it than almost all of its animated competitors. The premise of the story itself is very cool. emotions that are pulling the strings within your mind. They dictate how you respond to the world around you Is a very interesting concept and it's mostly pretty well executed. I did continually think to myself that this is a very cool concept for an animated film and it tackles some important issues that almost every kid faces. At some point, the film certainly has to be recognized for its creativity and how it just approaches complex subject. matter. However, here's something else I didn't quite love. There's a character named Sadness that I previously mentioned, played by Phyllis Smith, who gave off some real finding Dory vibes to me because she's basically a killjoy and it's all about being sad and making Riley sad and all that, And I just found her character to be very tough to deal with in large doses, and there is a purpose to her, A bigger picture to the character that's made clear in the third act. But man, every time she was talking on screen, I were just like, Can we please cut to another emotion? Because she just really started to wear on me and I think I'd be fine with her in small doses, but she plays a very big role in the second act and onward, and I just felt like her character didn't contribute anything positive to the overall enjoyment level of the film. and considering this is an animated kid's film, first and foremost, I think I'd be pretty remiss if I didn't at least discuss the brand of comedy with you because I think it works pretty well for the most part, and I consider it a pro, because it definitely is well written for the most part, and witty more often than not. There's definitely cases where I can get a little too kiddush with some of the emotion characters just sort of doing over-the-top things are designed to be sort of slapstick and appease to a kids sense of humor. but generally speaking, I did find myself chuckling fairly often, and the comedy does help balance out some pretty serious tone. Ism to feel more versatile and of course more family-friendly but overall I don't love inside-out It's not one of my favorite Pixar films, but I do think it's alright. It's not a bad film and I totally understand people that like it more than I do. but for me there's just a couple things holding you back from being great. Either way, let's take a look at the pros cons list. So as for the pros, I thought Inside-out executes a rich and creative premise, has strong coming-of-age themes that are ripe with emotion, and also offers some quality comedy to balance the film out. As for the cons, I think the film loses some momentum for most back to, and a little bit after that as well, and some of the characters just aren't the strongest overall. I'm gonna give inside-out a 7 point 5 out of 10, and generally recommend you check it out wherever you can if you're looking for a well-rounded Pixar film. To me, this isn't one of their best, but it's still solid enough. So if you guys seen inside out, what did you think of it? and if not, let me know, why not know? so let me know your favorite Pixar film, still Toy Story 3, For me, Either way, that's all for now. this is Wolf Fox. If Ocation signing off, see you in the next.