Hila won't turn over my classic reviews. Well, fickle my auto, favorite movies. Even we watch Bennett can review it, and in this video I'm talking about the Third man. So the Third Man is a classic British film which often said to be one of the best British films. Some respectable sources even called it the very best footage film. All, I won't call it my favourite British film. I'm not unhappy to see you cited as a, and I think it's a pretty fair choice. To be honest, The Third Man is definitely a masterpiece in a very iconic and classic film. There's many things about it. A memorable performances are amenable story. It has an iconic theme. Is it fun? which is really important and very significant And I think it's a phone which just holds up. I think to this day sinks a link with new film. The third one is a big coat, too focused work. but it also has. these fantastic sale Is set in Vienna in the late 1940s. Would you own Vienna, In Austria, stood by the Allied Powers And so this is a city which is clearly ruined by war. Or To fact, We're in the film. We see visuals of water on building. It's quite clear that they film the cars of Vienna that were still destroyed from World War Two, and I think that gives it a very unique atmosphere and mood that you don't get many per day if you filmed their filmed in the aftermath of a war. Well, the apps Why I stopped quite clearly present Because of this, Be enemies, very much, too dark and seedy city. In this film, it's a place of high cultures being reduced to this black market Haven. it's been reduced to a place of crime. In fact, the whole mystery in the third money's assassinated by the fact that both the authorities and the criminals are secretive about hiding things, and the fact that no one's really open because everyone feels like they can't be, Because there's constant crossing over those boundaries. Its borders of limitations. People are constantly being taught in different directions between sides of the law who really runs Vienna. is it the criminals? is it the authorities? In fact, the authorities are quite ineffective in a lot of ways. Five hundred years of peace. Just abuse a cuckoo clock is an interesting self idea. The filth rose up, and that's an interesting sort of metaphor for this. You kind of point out how ineffectual to flips. A Lot of this is becoming about how Per guest comes to brutality in a way. so the certainly, these whole, see the aspect, the obsolete characters, the ones who seem most out of place in this city because they've lost their City to the forces outside their control of would-be crime. I would be so from here, but it just didn't be a little bit spoiler. heavy, cuz, it's difficult to talk about the third man without talking about the fact that has a fantastic twist midway through, and that fantastic twist is revelation of the culture of it. Also wells how he liked being alive all the time, and that twist is talk at a city where the light is suddenly shone on to have a lime producing him from the darkness, and we have this wonderful zoomin shot into Olson, Was this smiley face from that point on the film, But if he just cuts loose, all a super first characters and plot FETs and the phone just becomes a story of how he and his friend Holly and his lover, and I think it's a very interesting and intricate. The picture of how do you reconcile if you learn your friend is a terrible person. In fact, how do you comprehend your friendship or your love as another part of that is. it's a very difficult scenario ahead around, and I think Harry Lime is an interesting enigma. He's ruthless. He cares only about number one. He's to touch her people. Miss interesting plot Good would be detachment people, And so he quoted wise an individual why he can't be detached, but detachment, in this case, least to him being small before death and leads to him being also for people dying. And so that was perhaps the difference between him and Holly. The main character. In fact, Holly is a similar to having, in fact, in a way of Holy's, a whole purpose. In some ways to be a man, a storyteller. So he writes cheap novels. Who's gone to this city of High Court? I've found a stuff in a story. He's in the mystery. He's the hero to find the murderer and get the girl, But how he has got the money? How he's got the girl, but he's a mogul, and Holly has some of that chomping morality of being a hero of his own story, and the factory size of mobility is the key defining line between them. When we get to that fantastic final sewer chase we see Holly finally realized who he is, and it ends ambiguous. Normal, You don't really. not quite how that friendship ends. We don't really know what happens in those final miles between them and I think that's kinda significant because holding him how are your great friends, But to learn you're finished, sir in model, but also able to get what he wants. He's such a turning point. It's such a fantastic moral conundrum for these characters who have got these broken histories and he's broken paths, and you've talked to the kind of clapping themselves. The whole film would melancholic stove to its final shop. Really, Where Holly is waiting for the girl and she abandons him. She snubbed him. She walked away their love. He's going to different directions. It ain't gonna happen to him and I find that's kind of the purpose of this. He's done the right thing, but he doesn't get what he wants and that's kind of mixed. It's a little bit more depressing in a way and a bit more interesting. It's not a film that has the normal happy ending. Even if the good guys win, It's a fair one with a bit more edge to it. It doesn't just cop out with cheesiness. The film that sticks to its guns. You have to just say is help fantastically execute. The third one is so first of all, the theme and the music is very iconic and memorable and it's used quite often in the film. It's a little defensive, but I think it adds a real dramatic element to so many Mormons There's also the fantastic cinematography. See this stark black or white, which just creates this fantastic look and really build a living breathing city. Something Kabul Reid is known for. He did it in his Pv. term, Ottoman out, and he almost did it later on in the musical Oliver. So Carol Reed is a master at producing. create cities in his work and produce in a city with an underbelly, And the Third Man uses a lot of Chango's doctor. Also interesting because they use so frequently in the film. There often isn't people are talking to achieve. Reduce to emphasize just how shaky the world is, just how seedy and full of lies it is, but also the feeling that it's just kind of that. To be different, the channels are. That's not a lot. but what they really out of them is a sense of realism. You get the feeling that the world isn't constructed. The world is real. That the cameras has been thrown in amongst the action. The cameras just a bit clumsily placed. And it's just kind of something. And I've been. I produced a very interesting thing. I think this interesting looks because you have this very asymmetrical architecture created by the want. Cameron. So I think it's fascinating. I think he's doing what Donhad used to Django's. It feels like the film is a bit amateur, but at Leeds, although delivered, and I think that really comes across, I think it's just a very well executed film in a very unique fashion. So the third one is they were executed. It's got great characters, great fury ideas. That's a great saying. It really is interesting. In different it holds up. That's fantastic actors. fantastic story, Queer, Hold up. to this day, it's an exciting classic and very well deserve in the green as it came. as it is. In fact, the third man. He's doing those films. that is just a masterpiece. So the third Man is fantastic and I'd love to you. for that you've seen the Third Matthew. Leave me a comment. If you like video, P, A light. go ahead more. my views, and please subscribe. you're going to read by my views. You, following a black box, I'll Twitter linked in description, and thank you for watching.