Lady Bird, the new film from Greta Gerwig starring Saoirse Ronan. Now, this is a wonderfully well told story. I enjoyed it. It was great to watch. The cinematography was wonderful. the acting was superb. Essentially the story is a year of a young girl's life. We just get a snapshot of her senior year and it takes place in Sacramento. Now I'm from Sacramento, born and raised in Sacramento. And so it was cool to watch a movie that shows some of the places that I know and have driven past or visited or whatever. It got a little tiring. though to constantly hear the reference of Sacramento, and I mean, okay, I get it. It's there. It's taking place and we're still fun to watch Lady Bird, as she calls herself, is finishing up her final year of high school and it follows her and her relationship with her mom is tumultuous at best, and Laurie Metcalf plays her mom and he is wonderful. Now she's not likeable because of the tension that exists between the two characters. I think the central point of the story is that where you grow up is actually not as bad as you think it is, regardless of where that's at. As you get older, and as you become an adult, you realize that No, you know what. It wasn't that bad. There was some things to do and I have a certain affinity to my hometown. Lady Bird does that and it captures it really well. Now I had some hesitancy going into it. I thought you know, it's gonna be a mumblecore movies. There's really no point to it. It's just gonna happen and be and I'm gonna walk out. Going. Yeah, that wasn't the case. Now I walked out, not exactly sure how I felt about it because it was great and I couldn't say. Well, No, I didn't like it, but I couldn't really say why I liked it a whole lot. either. It had a point. It was a good story. The actors did a great job. But would I watch it again? Probably not. I've seen it. I'm glad I saw it. I don't regret seeing it at all. I think it was well worth the price of admission. There's language, a lot of language, a little bit of drug smoking alcohol, some sex and nudity, certainly for the older crowd, not for young kids by any means, but I think it's worth checking out and I think you should see it and give it. Give it a chance. I give Lady Bird four and a half out of five couches. I'm Chris, This is movies and munchies. Thanks for catching with me, you.