There's something to be said about a simple concept being done right in a film. I love a complex mind-bending story as much as anyone, but sometimes especially in thrillers and horror, a simple idea can be very effective as long as the execution can maintain the tension. Hey, everyone, I'm Mariana and let's talk about a quiet place. a mainstream horror film that has been making audiences very aware of how loud their popcorn is. The premise is simple. Don't make noise, or the aliens will kill you. We follow a family who have adapted to this post-apocalyptic setting and are doing their best to survive, but still face daily challenges because let's be honest, humans are not the quietest creatures. Naturally, One of the things that makes this movie work so well is the importance of silence, and that is the biggest contributing factor to the tension. There are so many mundane things that make noise that we don't even pay attention to, but in a quiet place they all suddenly become a source of danger. I loved the attention to details this film had showing how this family adjusted the simplest activities like eating or playing board games, while still trying to maintain a semi normal family life and attempting to give the children some semblance of a childhood. I also do have to point out that the chemistry and the family dynamic were very believable, probably mostly because John Krasinski and Emily Blunt are actually married in real life, but the child actors fit in really well too. What also added to the realism of the situation is that balance of smart decisions and ones that were not so great as much as people love to criticize characters from the comfort of their own. It's for making poor choices. The reality is that nobody makes the right choices 100% of the time, especially when it comes to stressful situations and working with limited information. That's just not how life goes, and a quiet place has a reasonable grasp on that. Now being a film that is set around silence and tension, this is also a setup that just begs for jump-scares Something that I am NOT a fan of. I will say that they probably were as restrained as they could have been with this, and someone else could have made this completely jump-scare central. But there is a fair share of jump-scares in a quiet place, and a few of them are false scares of witches a bit annoying. The other issue to point out here is that there is plenty of room for nitpicking. There are some logic and logistics holes in the film from small things that are pretty easy to ignore, to things like I can't believe nobody has tried this before. Certain things are done to set events in motion or for dramatic effects. So if you're going in with a mindset to pick this apart, you probably won't enjoy the movie as much as most people. personally. I was able to look past a lot of this stuff because the way the story is told and the overall experience ultimately took over the flaws for me. However, I can see how someone could be frustrated by certain parts of this movie. Still, I would absolutely recommend you go see a quiet place. Even if you're not usually a horror fan. This is not particularly gory or gross. It's mostly about the tension, and I am giving this film a solid 4 out of 5 stars. The one thing I would suggest though, is seeing it during non-peak hours of the theater, because I can easily see how a full theater was just a handful of or rude people can completely ruin the experience. So what about you guys? Have you seen the quiet place yet? Are you planning to let me know in the comments below what you thought of the movie If you've seen it already, and as always, thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please don't forget to give it a thumbs up. Share it, subscribe to my channel and hit that notification bell, so you don't miss any of my future videos. I hope you're having an awesome day and I will see you very soon in my next one. bye.