Hey, guys, this is a wrapped up in film. I'm Zoe, So I've just got back from watching Logan at the cinema and guys, I've got to be honest. I'm really sorry. I really didn't like this movie. I love this movie. I love this movie. Now I know everyone has reviewed the out. this film. This film has been reviewed to death, so I'm not gonna go on to much. I thought this movie was great. The last of the Wolverine movies. It's raw. It's violence and it's emotional. Well done, James Mangold, Well done. This is one of the best Marvel movies that I have ever seen. This has seriously raised the bar big-time It's extremely gory, which I thought was great. So I guess these success of Deadpool has sparked off a real trend. fantastic fight choreography. No, not too much Cgi and no big cities are destroyed at the end of this movie, Folks. This is probably my favorite Hugh Jackman performance with his role that he played in Prisoners coming in closely behind. He really wowed me. in this film. He is just so completely broken, rough and broken, and he maintains that throughout the whole film. brilliant. Ok, let's talk about Laura, the little girl in this film. Whoa, she was outstanding and considering she didn't have too much to say, she uses her facial expressions so well, She's really hard and so cool and and cute, and she kicks some serious ass in this film. She's played by Daphne Keen. She's British Spanish and I cannot wait to see more of her. She really blew me away in this Patrick Stewart. He's so good in this, and him and Hugh Jackman have such a relationship going on, some very father-and-son and very funny bounced her flying around between them and some wicked one-liners and it was just superb to watch Boyd Holbrook as the birdie. Yes, yes, yes, I love him in Narcos and he's totally smashed in this, and let's not forget Stephen Merchant playing Caliban. Wow, Firstly, he looked amazing, really, kinda creepy and quirky and weird Totally owned the role. I. He's not in this film too much. I actually wanted to see more of him, but brilliant character. This movie really motors along and there's some fantastic, very original scenes, but with every review there are a few little nickels, little little little niggles. There's a few sort of cliche elements in this movie. You know, things we've seen before that Wolverine has done before, and they, the situation's are a little bit predictable. but you know, other than that, yes, yes, yes, this movie kicked some serious butt and I I want to actually go and see this film again. So guys, it's time to rate this movie. I'm gonna give this film a bra 90% But I, students from again. Yes, I can't wait to see this film again. What I recommend? Mister friends? Yes, everyone has to go and see this film. Try and see on the biggest screen you can find. You don't have to be a fan of The Wolverine movies to enjoy Logan. It's one for everyone and it's really really made me very very excited. So guys who has seen this film comment below, What did you think who hasn't seen this film? I'm very jealous. You get to see this film. Fresh, guys. Thank you so much for watching my review and take care of. Catch you soon. bye.