What's up, y'all I should weigh these Superman. I am extremely excited to tell you all about this movie that I just saw a few hours ago called Moonlight, I saw a whole bunch people talking about on social media, and I was decided to go to the premiere here tonight in Dc, at the Smithsonian African-american Museum, which is breathtakingly gorgeous. I love this movie one. It was absolutely amazing. I think that is the love and basketball of our generation. Is the black gay, Lovely basketball. For us. Everything that we have saw in those movies and want to equate to ourselves in our love lives. It made it for me and I'm sure it's not making for you. I, I love the grit. I love the abrasiveness of this movie. It showed a dynamic that a lot of a ghetto. I'm ghetto, cultural diversity. Movies sometimes not show. sometimes they don't show this. This the half that this movie does, and it was absolutely amazing, Um, the single mother aspect, the Parenthood aspect, the surrogate father aspects, the Fcc parent aspect, Um, I mean, those things shocked me to my core, and at least had me on the verge of tears. at least twice. You guys are going to love this movie. The intersectionality of this movie, It crosses past between cultural diversity between economic diversity, between sexual diversity and bullying line means, and all of those wonderful things. it was absolutely amazing. The the commercials don't do it justice. the quality and production value of this movie, Absolutely on every other gay movie that I've ever seen and I I love a lot of other gay movies and I thank them for their foundation, but they did not have the quality and acting and the quality and production that this movie has, and when and when you see this, you will know exactly what I'm talking about. the quality and production value and the thought that went behind this. It's just bar none. Um, I feel like this is a great telling of the evolution from you know, young gay males from boyhood to manhood And it's just I really can't say enough. It was absolutely amazing. I think that if you are twenty five one below, you should definitely see this movie. It's an absolute Coming to age type of movie. And if you are 30, 35 and above, you'll still enjoy this movie because it will resonate with you and what your past has been. More than likely, if it wasn't your past, it was someone else's past. Um that you know of you, kind of live through this V. You know something like that. It, Just it gave me all the tingles and all of my jingles. My jingles have been tingled owes amazing and when it gets the closer to the end and saw these sexy characters interacting, Oh y'all time, which I think, if I'm wrong, Comment below, dislike the video and tell me how I'm wrong. If I'm right, Go through the video. I'm gonna go through the movie and tell me what y'all thought and tell me if I'm right. Either way I can't wait. It is amazing moving me. I'm gonna see it again as weekend. I'll see you later, Bye.