You you welcome to body? Thanks for joining me once again and one of the final reviews and may hire my phone. I'm I'll be looking at what's considered by Manny the first crew horror film and it is none other, done, The carrot of Dr. Caligari and I have been waiting for this one for a long time. I'm Frehley, getting it. I cloaked you bathe for 1245 on Xavi, But it's all day both how I got there. It's solid very very quickly, but I came back on again at 12 45, just last week, so I had the order it. so one of the that price plus my ten percent student discount, which means I got it for like 11 pound, which was good. This was a fantastic release once again from Eureka, Masters of Cinema series. I've been waiting on this one for like two months. I mean, I'm so excited and I want to rewatch it. End this quality. I am seeing this from two and a half, maybe even three years at current number. He's one of the first heart or one of the first sign of films I ever saw, and it left quite an impression on me because Scrilla Way I understood the German expressionist style and the influence it hard even on Tim Burton, which is quite obvious here. I'll get into that soon. and this. I mean, this film goes without saying. It's just a classic. Its influence is modern Western, flexural German expressionist films. While most influential films and cinema, I would say special in Germany, and you can definitely see that for 1920, it's quite visually impressive. This honestly is an essential viewing for anyone interested in the history of cinema. I'm filming General, because you really do see the birth of the genre. Obviously beforehand, there was other shorts and whatnot that would have been made depicting horrific things. Well, this is the first three leap, and that's why people called the first three horror film. It's really interesting to see. I. We have some of those generic troops in there of horror Hwy 90, Such as you know, twists, twist endings, twists in the plot physically challenging the viewer, and there you have, of course, like things like ambiguous, and things which we come to know, and certain horror films you know. Is it really over? You know, things like that. In this film you can see. It's quite evident the visuals in the film are just spectacular. I, I mean every single shot you can see the effort and crafted. In the account. there's been a lot of discussion and to be it, but in several pics and stuff about the making of the film as to who it was responsible for this creative style. You know, it was a rubber team. The director was the art director and whatnot freak scene, so I'm just gonna go ahead, say a collaborator. This is a collaborative art piece and a sense, and of course the people, the handcrafted all those set designs and it was responsible for doing that in each Nadeshot. You know them exactly already crowded here, but I have to say it's absolutely spectacular. The interesting thing to note is Jevon Expressionism Why this is raffle? This is considered revolutionary in terms of film, German Expressionism. In film, Facially, the expressionist movement was effect before on that. I haven't seen any picking. so I'm just going by what I've learnt in the documentary, but you know, in terms of visual, I can't think of a film before this that looks like this in the slightest. Everything that this film does is just amazing. I mean, it was 94 years old, still managing to create a haunting and chilling out the sphere, and it's still one that is divided for interpretation, because there's a lot of ways you can look at it and I'll not support anything, But it does have some twists and turns in the story and it makes it really interesting to watch and deconstruct. Now I would like to move on to my point about how the fellows influence directors like Tim Burton. I, when we look at sees air, Thus an ambulance. In the film, This character here is on the poster. You can definitely see some similarities. I knew that I spotted it straight away. This looks like Edward Scissorhands. I mean, undoubtedly gonna compare that, maybe, and you can, just even in the style, even the way the character moves. It's very reminiscent and Edward Scissorhands, that's quite like this character. And then, of course we have the visuals of the film which I know Tim Burton, and his autobiography is even stated himself was an influence And you can definitely see that when we look at the ships in his films, you know whether it's Nightmare Before Christmas or Edward Scissorhands Beetlejuice. You've got. those doorways are slanted jagged edges on the sets. Just just all of that and his stylist. It's very reminiscent to films. Caligari. definitely Caligari. knife. moving on to what's inside Rit Release again. Nice cover info on the back. As usual. The booklet is super by having read through it yet, but there's some beautiful images. I love this artwork. This is fantastic artwork. We have other artwork in here here we see these air carrying a woman up the hill, which is something quite similar to King Cole and Frankenstein, carrying away, I go. You know, so that's a precursor to Lot. Now we have an essay on the film No more images. Here's here's another superb image, just beautiful, beautiful stuff. Look, there's some posters in here to regular posters of the film. I can't seem to find any. but yeah, Imma get like that. Superb in terms of special features that's fallen again has some pretty good ones in there. We have a 60 minute or 50 minute documentary looking at the making of the film and the history of the film. We have a 5.1 already score which you can play with sensitive Herb. I keep using the word Superb, Excuse me for that, that's called Caligari, The birth of horror in the First World War. Then we have a video essay by filmmaker and critic David Cone's basically talking about. You know what's in the film? An Atari Interesting is quite eye-opening and mixture. Think about what you've seen in the film, So that's worth walking. It's only 15 minutes or so. Then the 44p booklet, which I showed you. Then we have some notes on the restoration of the film in a video format of some German speaking, A bite, Either films important, This is a 1080p transfer. the film 4k resolution edition of the of the film, Basically, and it looks stunning Whenever I first watch the film. It was on a diode. I was quite shoddy. The music was awful. Music Here is grit. I'm not sure which side track Udders pull it over all. Yeah, this is one of my favorite releases. Knife from Masters of Cinema Because it's a superb film that I go again using the word superb. Excuse me for that, I need to broaden my vocabulary in this for you, The Scarlet. The Caligari is a thumb you need to see from Masters of cinema and it's worth going out and buying this one. Well, that's it for this video. Everyone, thanks for watching. If you made it to the end of the video, Look forward to getting up the other buddies at the end of the week. There'll be a video every day here, So till next time everyone comment, subscribe, and all that As my new countries, I like it, I'll see you next time of your.