Welcome three Fing fans. You are alive in 4k with yours, Truly Carson. Oh, and now we're sitting in here doing this video for your pleasure. You're welcome. What something to call, B. I see you. the movie. Farewell is an incredible film that's mostly in Chinese dialogue, But you might have to read some of the textbook before that. It's not even that deep were you That that's really a problem. It is an amazing film based on a true story. The true story is the fact that this family in China, they're from China. They moved to the United States of America, and Aquafina is the daughter and the fact is that her grandmother has been diagnosed with terminal throat cancer and the family is going back for wedding, But they, also, you know, know that the grandmother is been giving like a couple of months to live, and her son is getting married, so she's really excited and the family has been told in this tradition. I guess in a lot of Chinese culture that they don't tell the grandmother or the elder that they're getting ready to pass on what they do is they stay quiet and you say nothing and let things transpire and take their natural course. And she's conflicted by this. She wants to tell her grandmother. She thinks my grandmother has the right to know She should know her faith. Faith, know what's gonna happen. So you have this dilemma going on throughout the film When everyone in China's like No, This is the way it's been going for a year. This is custom. This is how it is. You know, you keep them in high spirits and you spend as much time with them and you never tell them into the right moment. you know, and like, It's like right at the end and you tell them about it, you know, and then it becomes. Is this a good decision to do? this is a good idea or a bad idea? It is a very good movie. It's a very powerful film. I give the movie four stars out of four. It's that incredible. Definitely go and check it out. It is a perfect movie. There's nothing wrong with this film. I couldn't even find a flaw if I wanted to. Thanks in the COBE. You're the only one that's here right now. It is the perfect movie. Four stars on a foreign air. Would, there's nothing wrong with this movie. I cannot tell you the rest of the film. You have to see it. It is based on a true story, and definitely check it out. He's very interesting. I mean, I had to charge my phone and didn't get up to charge. I was so stuck at the movie, So definitely check that film out and the Last black man in San Francisco. Two great movies I got a chance to watch. Those are the type of movies that make you want to write movies. Those films right there make you want to write movies. So they're great movies out there. You just gotta actually see them. Okay know, so let know your boy Carson, you know I'm out. Yeah, I have a blessed day and don't forget to subscribe to and hit that notification button.