Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. This is the opening line of Rebecca, the 1940 Academy award-winning film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and adapted from a novel of the same name. The film which can be classified as a romantic drama or thriller, follows the life of Maxim De Winter, in his new bride, who has never named, other than to be called Mrs. De Wynter, However, more importantly, the film follows the mysterious death of Maxim's previous wife, Rebecca, and the manner in which every other character, especially Danvers, the head housekeeper, and previously close confidant of Rebecca, seems to hold some sort of obsession with her aspects of the film, such as the Meson Sin, camera angle and non-diegetic sounds, helped to establish this obsession and create the film's ominous mood. One aspect of the Nissan Sin that contributes to these ideas throughout the film is the reoccurring images of water. throughout the film, depictions of the sea and raging waves are shown. At times. these images are accompanied by Maksim or Mrs. Dewinter, and often evoke a feeling of danger. for example, after revealing her costume to Maxim, Mrs. Dewinter looks over the sea with Danvers, in Rebecca's room. In this scene there is an overarching feeling of Rebecca's presence in the waves, redolent of Rebecca's brutal death. The dress she previously wore the room, and in Danvers words, urging Mrs. Dewinter to jump. You've nothing to stay, for you have nothing to live for. Really, Have you look down there? It's easy, isn't it? I don't you? This scene highlights Rebecca's impact and shows the many ways in which her influence is still alive. Another effective tool for creating the film's ominous mood, and underlining Rebecca's impact is the camera angle, and in this case medium close-ups. The employment of medium close-ups throughout the film served to accentuate each character's emotions, and in turn accentuate how powerful Rebecca's presence was and still is. This idea is most apparent in the scene where Danvers shows Mrs. Dewinter, Rebecca's room and personal belongings, which have been kept exactly as she left them, as Danvers shows Mrs. Dewinter Rebecca's belongings and describes life serving Rebecca. Close-ups are used on your sister Winter. This shows Mrs. De Winters, fear of Rebecca's remaining control and unease over the extent of Danvers, obsession with Rebecca. I wonder if she doesn't come back here to Manderley, Watch you and Mr. De Winter, together. You look good. Why don't you stay here awhile and read? In addition, this scene reveals the extent of Danvers devotion to an obsession with Rebecca, as it is shown how she held and still holds Rebecca in such reverence, and maintains her room in all of Manderley - Rebecca standards, even after her death. Furthermore, one of the most effective means of producing this mood and emphasizing the force of Rebecca is the use of non-diegetic sound in the form of music and nearly every scene, the tone created by the Nissan Son and camera angle is stressed by the music. This is evident in the scene where Maxim de Winter drives his new bride Mrs. De Wynter to his home, Manderley. In this scene, the background music changes from an upbeat jaunty tune as we see the newlyweds drive up to their home to something more menacing As Mrs. De Winter is introduced to Danvers for the first time, I didn't expect the whole stops to be intended, Mr. Dancers, Other side, Sorry about this one. Taken, this is Mrs. Danville, How do you do? How do you do? I have everything in readiness for you. That's very good of you. I didn't expect anything. I think we'd like some teeth. Come along, darling, this scene highlights the shift from life away from Manderley, where the couple met, free from Rebecca's influence, to life at Manderley, where Rebecca's power is alive. Still in the house, Danvers Obsession and the See the Meson Sin, use of medium, close-ups and non-diegetic sounds, create the film's Menasha stone and impress the extent of Rebecca's influence. Even after death. These techniques emphasize the idea that Rebecca will always be alive in spirit and memory, at least at Manderley, and lead to the only logical ending for Maxim De Winter and Mrs. De Winter, to be able to go on together, the burning down of Mandalay and Danvers, Along with it. This leaves the newlyweds with nothing but memories of Manderley free at last of the control of Rebecca.