Hello, Rob here and welcome to R&b reviews. Well, Halloween will be coming up. It's just around the corner, so I decided to kick things off by looking at some horror movies both classic or something, maybe a recent, and I decided to do maybe one or two a week until Halloween rolls around. I'm in addition to reviewing horror movies, I'm actually getting into the Halloween spirit by wearing shirts. See, I've got the Universal monster movies. You've got the Wolfman The Mummy, You got the Frankenstein Monster or Dracula and The Creature from the Black Lagoon All ready to roll around. Well first, I decided to kick this series off by looking at a movie that I've actually seen many times and I've been wanting to review for quite some time, and I figured now because anytime than ever, I'm gonna be looking at the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. This movie came out in 1920, and I'm attack, as you as I, as you can tell. it'll be celebrating its 100th anniversary next year. Now, this movie is significant in a lot of ways to meet. on a personal level. It's actually the first silent movie that I ever saw Now, I must have been in middle school when I first saw that I was just channel surfing one day and I turned onto a local Pbs or Public Broadcasting assistant station. My father, I was about 10 minutes into it and I was hooked right up until the end. I mean, I had heard of silent movies, and even my mom had a book that had stills from my family, the Opera, and way down East and a bunch of other, but it never clicked with me that these movies were silent with just you know, music and title cards and everything until I actually saw one of these movies, so I'm not quite sure why it held my attention at such a young age. I don't know if it the imagery or the suspense of this movie or the fact that I was actually watching a silent movie for the first time. I don't know. The Captain of Dr. Caligari is a German, a psychological and thought provoking silent film about Francis. He's a young man who visits a travelling fair that just arrived in his hometown. He visits it with his friend Helen, and while there they see this sideshow staged for a hypnotist named Dr. Caligari, played by Warner Krauss And his act is basically, he has a Sonam Beuliss, which is a sleepwalker named Caesar. He's played by Conrad Veidt and wakes Caesar up, and he can tell your future and any other questions that you might have. But at night Caligari uses him to commit murders. What is striking about this movie is, of course, the visual look of this film, the sets, the makeup, the costumes are done to reflect the madness of the mind of the person telling the story, Using art directors from Germans film expressionist movement. It has a very dark and twisted visual style Of you know, the sets, and both indoors and outdoors are twisted. They are slanted or misshapen. The chairs are very high. Shadows are painted on the sets along the walls, the floors that you know all kinds of places. with the performances. I thought that both Krause and I gave very chilling performances as Caligari and Caesar, Especially, you know, just from their movements and even their facial expressions, especially when Caligari has Caesar awake for the first time. Now, some say that the acting may be over-the-top but keep in mind you know that these actors had to convey emotions visually, and since these films are closer to be shown to different countries with different languages, everybody can understand a feeling or doing it visually. The movie itself, I've seen it quite a number of times, and it always keeps me on the edge of my seat and always keeps me guessing, and then has twists and turns that you may not see coming, and although I see this movie more as a horror movie, some have made the argument that this is actually an anti Authority film with Dr. Karl Caligari representing the German War government, and Caesar represents the conditioned Man, Like soldiers are trained basically to kill, Which kind of makes sense. The Census movie did come out at the end of World War 1, and I found out that the writers of the movie were actually passing this. Now, What could be said about this movie that hasn't already been said? It's been called the first horror film. It's been called the first arthouse film. You can definitely sense its influence in horror movies, especially with the universal monster movies that came out in the 1930s and the 1940s, like, for example, terrible things will happen if you visit a traveling fair, like you see in Murder and Rude Morgue with Bela Lugosi or the Wolfman with Lon Chaney Jr., the wooden box that the pale and darkly dressed Caesar lays, and kind of reminds me of Dracula with Bela Lugosi, Or when Caesar is lovestruck with the leading lady of the film, instead of killing her, he abducts her, kind of like Frankenstein with Boris Karloff, And of course you know, I can see how this, this influenced him, Burned with some of his work as well. I think the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is a must-see movie for all kinds of movie audiences, including not only silent films, but horror mystery, suspense, and even thought-provoking and complex art house movies. I think that for movie that soon to be a hundred years old, it still packs a very scary and chilling pun. The visuals are great. the performances are great. I think that this movie is still compelling. All right. Well, that's my take on the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. If you have seen this movie, what did you think and or if you have not seen the movie before, and you're gonna go look at the movie itself, Feel free to come back and post your comments about what you thought about it. Um, thank you, and of course, you can also look at movies that are playing in the movie theaters, as well as look at other movies you can watch at home, both horror movies and other genres, and if interested, please consider being a subscriber, and of course, please like the video. Thank you very much for watching.