Hi, guys, welcome or welcome back to my channel today. I'm going to be reviewing the shape of water, a meal, Cleaning lady, working at a high security government facility finds a top secret mysterious creature who she is instantly inclined to, so I want to start off this review by saying that this is a request from trailer recuts, And you guys should go check out their channel. It's really cool and they have some really cool videos. And thank you so much for the request. I was actually planning on rewatching this movie anyway, and this was at a perfect time. and if any of you guys have any requests or any type of video you guys want to see on my channel, make sure to leave them down in the comments in any of my videos, because I'm always checking and looking for new ideas. But yeah, let's talk about the shape of water. This is actually a movie that I saw once I finished watching the 2018 Oscars. I always watch them, and every time a movie gets a lot of praise, I'm really interested in seeing what it was about, especially when at that time I hadn't really watched as many movies as I do. Now I didn't really know what the shape of water was when I first saw it, and to be honest, I didn't like it that much. the first viewing. I remember, I saw it that same year. 2018. I think I was like a sophomore in high school. I can't remember. I didn't really like it as much and I didn't understand its praise. Everybody was talking about it and I didn't like it, but I recently saw Pan's Labyrinth, which is also a movie directed by Guillermo del Toro and he has amazing movies. You can tell. He's very passionate about what he does and he's amazing at production design and color and direction. But for me the story wasn't working the first time I saw it and I'm really really happy to say that that has changed because I really really liked this movie. I can't talk about this movie enough without mentioning the production design. It is so amazing and this movie is very blue and greenish, but it has some hints of that, like mint green from the 60s and 50s, and it is just a very beautiful color palette. especially for this movie. A lot of this movie is in the dark, since Sally Hawkins, Care is a cleaning lady working at night. Most of it has to do at night, so there's a lot of really dark, beautiful scenes that make it possible to have really beautiful lighting. And I think Guillermo Dodo used that to his advantage. It was so beautiful. There are so many beautiful scenes with alleyways and it's just like a beautiful looking film. Even this movie had a really bad plot, which I used to think when I first saw it. I have always loved the production design and it is such a beautiful looking movie. Also, something that I love about this movie is that every single scene doesn't feel out of place. Everything feels like it flows correctly. It's not one of those movies where there is a random scene of violence or there's a random scene of this and that like it feels like another director did it all of this. You could tell that it's the same director because it has a very similar style and I think that's really important when a director has a specific style because it makes the movie that much better. The acting of this movie is great. Michael Shannon is really scary in this movie and they, they have this guy ripping his own fingers off, so he is clearly very menacing, and every single time he came on the screen, I wanted to punch him in the face. so he's a very evil character and his acting was great. He's always really good as well in everything that he does. And you have Octavia Spencer. She's kind of like her friend at work and is always trying to help her And I really liked her addition to the story, and she's also always really great. There's Richard Jenkins and he's like, really, really nice. He's like one of the like, the sweetest characters in the movie And I also really liked his performance. Can't believe, I forgot to mention the creature dude. He also did really good. But the one that shines for me the most in this movie is Sally Hawkins, and she's playing a mute lady and she doesn't say many words. Actually, she doesn't speak at all in this movie and she, Her performance just says so much. And that's so amazing because once you take away something like speaking, which is a way of people you know talking about their emotions, it really really allows the movie to be way more interesting because it shows there's different ways of communicating that don't have to be with your voice. And this is just a very beautiful movie with very like outstanding acting and I just loved her performance. She did so good and everything about her like she portrayed so many emotions in a movie without ever saying one word. And I think that says a lot about her performance and I'm so happy that at least she got an Oscar nomination because she very well deserved it, and her character is obviously the essence of the story, and I really like what they did with her, Especially that feeling of not feeling fulfilled with your life and feeling like something's missing. That's a very relevant theme in life in general, and obviously in this movie. And I definitely really like what they did with that, and I also really enjoyed with the screenplay, which is fantastic how they were able to take something that our main character is feeling, but apply to mostly all the characters. Actually, That's not that I think of it. all of the main characters in the story. Like every single person in this feels like they have to fill in some type of like void in the movie and they feel incomplete, and I think what the movie has to say about that is very interesting as well as human connection as well as just connection, and that it doesn't just have to be human connections, and the connection extends from just human to human, and I, I thought that the messages of this movie were very beautiful and I'm really really happy that I rewatched it because when I first saw this when I was younger, I didn't. really. It didn't click for me. I was like Okay, this is just weird, a weird looking alien dude with a girl. I didn't understand it, but it is so much more than than their connection, which is of course very relevant in the movie It. and it's not just a love story. It's a lot more than that, and this movie has a lot of layers And that's why I also think it is so amazing and it's It's just really awesome. I ca. I don't even know how many other words to say about this because it's just you have to watch it and see, because I think the messages portrayed in this movie are very important and relevant to a lot of people, and I think it's kind of ironic that such a strange looking movie with a strange plot that can not happen is very relevant and realistic to a lot of people, which I think that's what makes a movie that much better than other movies. Honestly, the one negative that I would have with this movie is that some scenes do make me feel weird and uncomfortable, but that's just a personal preference. I'm not going to take too much away from the movie. I mean, that's what he wanted to do. I think this movie was very bold and what it was trying to do, which I really admire in a filmmaker and in a movie when movies are, don't play it safe. And this movie definitely didn't play it safe. But just like that's like the one thing that's kind of weird. Sometimes I'm like you know, but it's just like I still really enjoy this movie and I'm going to give this movie an a. one of the most original movies I've ever seen. He never fails to make an original movie and his style really really shines. and I'm pumped. I just want to see all his movies now, which, maybe maybe I should do that. You know, since I finished watching all the Christopher Nolan movies, maybe I should watch all of his and make that a series. I think that that would be very fun. Thank you guys so much for watching. and if you guys have seen the Shape of water, let me know down below what you thought. this movie was actually available on Fx. I. it was for free. I mean, I have it with my television, so it just came with that. So if you guys have that, all you have to do is go on Fx and stretch up the shape of water. Or if you guys have already seen it, please make sure to let me know what you thought I would love to hear it. and thank you again to Trailer Recuts for leaving this suggestion. I loved rewatching it and I'm very happy that I did because I love changing opinions about movies and I think that should be very normalized in the film community. You could hate a movie and then suddenly love it. So yeah, I really liked this movie and it was a really fun. Watch. Thank you guys again for watching, and I'll see you guys next time. Bye you.