[applause] [applause] [applause] Now this is the real reason why Youtubers she use Youtube, and we'll show you how good reviews can lead to bigger and better things. Hello, and welcome to my point of view movie reviews. And like I stated earlier, this is a good way to use Youtube to give you a brief example. Day ago I was on Youtube answering all my comments and things like that. a good friend of mine. Brett, check out his channel. By the way at Take, Brett. The guy's awesome is a great reviewer. He was talking about this move. He just seen a small indie festival film at Sundance called Eighth Grade And I knew nothing about this film. I knew nothing about the writer and director of Bolt Bernal, I guess he's a Youtuber big-time guy, slash comedian, and Ellie Fisher is the star of this movie. It's by the young girl going through her last week of eighth grade. Now If I never would have tuned on to my man's channel and read the reviews and listen to him talk about it. I never would have went check out this movie. That's the Power of Youtube. Done the right way. So guys, that's what you want to do on Youtube. You want to help each other not tear each other down so much negativity. Talking bad about movies and blockbusters Look, it's about taking care of business and sharing art with one another. That's the beauty of it. Cuz now I can talk about this movie freely because Brett gave me a chance to see this film and talk about it. Oh my God is great Now. I don't share the same sentiments about eighth grade as most people do. Now. I was always kind of a jock, always played football, baseball, Basketball. I was in dance class. Yes, I was in dance class. I never was bullied. I don't know what it feels like to be bully or be awkward or different. The only different thing about me growing up is having dark skin, sometimes in a white community. That's a whole nother video there. but I never dealt with that pressure of trying to really fit in. Now I was the kind of person in junior high and high school. I sought out the people who were indifferent in wheelchairs who were just socially misfits, and made them part of my crew. That's the kind of person I am. That's the person I was raised to be. So people like Ellie, In his movie, I was drawn to them When I see you sitting by yourself at lunch. I would go to your table. Say hey man, what are you doing? join us or I'll sit with you. And that's what human communication is all about, And meeting friends. If you look at some of my videos and some of my reviews. Sometimes I do live on location. You see my friends. We're all very diverse, all lots of cultures, life and different races, and we love each other the same. It's not about what's on the outside, about what's on the inside. And you never know that she opened up your mouth and communicate. Hey and nurse, Trust me, we all come in all shapes sizes and colors, but I love film. I love hearing stories about first-time directors making a splash in a movie industry. This movie Internet entered in at number 22, but next week it'd be a wide releasing. It's going to only do better, but from what I understand, the money that is made, two hundred and fifty two thousand dollars. It's already making more money per theater than most blockbusters are. That's a lot. Congratulations to both, Burnham. That is incredible, but this movie is definitely a coming-of-age story. Probably one of the best and every father should take his daughter to see this movie. It is so encouraging. It's about a week of this girl learning to find out who she is and trying to fit in. It is so tough to watch. and for me I was squirming in my seat because I wanted to help her so much, because that's the kind of person I am. But if you want to see a good film and then walk away, You feeling better about yourself as a human being, go see eighth grade. It's a great great flick and again, Brett. Thank you. You're amazing and have a great day. And as always it's just my point of view. it's Elsie Fisher, not Ellie Fisher, Elsie. Now watch, we still get it wrong in a damn video.