So I also want to take a minute to shout out a rival. It just got nominated for some Academy Awards and it's back in the theatres And if you didn't see it the first go-around I encourage you. I implore you to go see it. This was a science fiction film that was like made for me Like, honestly, I loved it. I loved it. I, I want to go see it again. I'm gonna buy it on Blu-ray. I was really blown away by this movie. The thing that sets us apart from other alien invasion movies is that it is a feminine Balian invasion movie. You know, you have your female main character. She's a linguist, which is a soft science, which would be considered, in my opinion, a feminine science, you know, and she uses her skills to figure it out, Like figure out what's going on, you know, and bring people together and stop a world war and stop like some horrible from going on. And like she becomes the woman that unites humanity for the first time ever. And it's just like What a dream. Like most guys want to be Batman, I would like to be that chicken arrival. Okay like cuz, that is like so great. I just I'm not gonna talk about the plot, but I will say that you know. Obviously, this is an alien invasion movie where you have these aliens that come down. Humanity does not know whether they are benevolent or malevolent. You know, we don't know whether they're here to destroy us or to help us with other friends or foes. You have the main character. She's trying to communicate with these aliens. The the military is trying to, you know. Tell her how she can and cannot communicate with them when she's like, Look, you don't know you're not a linguist. You don't know. you're not really communicators. You guys are here for defense and aggressive maneuvers. You know like that's like. you're not really diplomats here. So you know I love the fact that you know they're telling her. Oh, you need to keep the suit on. She's like I can't talk to these people with a suit on. I need to be a person and talk to them and they're like. What, Just explain this to them and like that's what's really interesting about this is. Yes, it is difficult to try to communicate with aliens and learn a new alien language, but it is equally, if not, more difficult to communicate with her own kind with the military. you know, Because they're so triggered all the time, you know. I mean, they're just waiting for a threat, you know, and it's just like Yeah, like her having to not only deal with communicating with them, but communicating with the military and showing how hard that would be. it was just like Oh, it's just such a straight. like the struggle is real, you know, like as a woman, I've had to try to communicate with giant entities made up of a bunch of men who have no idea how to treat one another and it is frustrating and there are crazy and they don't listen to you and they think you're an. like. This is my job. Like Will you let me do my job? You know, like God, get the out of your own way. you know. So yeah, I really like this movie a lot. It's totally I. I hope it wins lots of Oscars If you're interested in reading a book that has similar ideas and themes in it, check out childhoods, End by Arthur C Clarke. That's pretty short. It's pretty simple. you know, there's a lot of stuff that's in that movie that is also in this book that you may enjoy. So Yeah, check out a rival. It has the Cvg stamp of approval, and don't forget to check out my new show Greater Creators. It's airing every Tuesday on Go 90, and it's all about some of my favorite creators and how they push the boundaries of art and how their influence can still be felt today. These are people. You may have seen their work, but you don't know their name, or may have heard their name, but you don't know exactly what they did. Why they're so awesome. So far, we have an episode out about Jack Kirby. Frank Frazetta just came out. He's an amazing badass painter, and also Mobius, one of the most amazing illustrators and draftsman of all time. That just like blows my mind and worked a lot with Jodorowsky. He worked on the inkle. So yeah, check that out. Definitely for sure. Oh my God, And it's not just on your phone anymore Now it's on Go 90 Calm, So it's the platform's always changing. You know, it's new media Now things never. every week they change. So that's the deal and also, I'd like to give a big shout out to my super patrons peers. your own. Of course, always, you're amazing, Tom. Easy you as well and Natalie England, thank you guys so much for your support. I really appreciate it without you guys, man. I don't even know who's gonna ditch somewhere. Probably, so be sure to LIKE this video. subscribe to my channel and follow me on Instagram and Twitter and Facebook and on Youtube. Where you already at? I think there's a thing where you have to like. Say that you want to see my updates or something. I don't know. I don't keep up with that, you know. It's just every time I turn around, they make it harder for you to get your videos out, so whatever you gotta do, you know.