Hi, I'm grim. Welcome back to silent film school, a series where I start to teach myself all a bit more about. Send them up by looking at the Salus of them. I say so blah. Know that I haven't really delved too much into that, says one of these series that I'm really enjoying, but I don't do too often. I don't want to overwhelm myself too much. so every 11 again I just feel like throwing on a silent movie Ipek, One from the collection, and check this time because it was October, was number 92 in the Master of Cinema series, And that says the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. No, this is from 1920, and this as a title that you have probably heard of it when I adhered of. even before I started looking into silent film. That is one that definitely has a huge reputation, And it was one that came to loomed large or in the horizon. something. I was eager to check it. Like I said, I was getting to the Halloween spooky season and I decided to you know what, Get this one? I sure, I just felt like it, Wendy, and that's movie was a bit of a surprise. It has lots of typical story telling troops. That must have been like a first in this tape. The movie starts off with as a guy setting, and what looks like a garden of some sort, talking to an old man. That's his Francis. One of the main characters were going to get the story through his eyes, and he is telling a story about this, Dr. Caligari. know it jumps into this weird German Expressionism. Strange, Yes, stunning sets that are all strange angles, a forced perspectives, slanted walls and roofs with strange paint marks whenever you see, like white paint that bent for shadows and a lot over, as well as using lighting as well, And it is a strange and otherworldly kind of setting. But this is a teal with an appeal before inception got there, and long before inception, and we start to meet the strange character of Dr. Caligari. Know we don't spend too much time with them because it's not through his eyes, but he rules in two-tone and sports. They set up something and the fear and that has a somnambulist. Know this, someone that's just permanently asleep is their kind of name of Caesar, and they bring it and people to look at this, and Caligari using hypnosis wakes s man up and he allows people to ask questions and the answers you know from the strange other-worldly take person, Caesar, So you ask strange questions that you, when light died and get the hot ethic answer of you will die before the Sun rises in the morning, And we have that strange color that's going on around about the tyrannous. You know somebody or something is killing tones, folk, stabbing them with a large implement, leaving no trace whatsoever. No, you can see by a lot of what the story is going to offer, because there has been almost essentially worth the farm. Since then, I have used reused, regurgitated, many of the story lines of plot points you'd see, and less movie, but it doesn't take away the freshness for them. Because of these weird and otherworldly sets, the strange use of paint, and and just production design, it really does create something rather unique. We have this typical characters, mostly with the exception of Caligari and Caesar, Mostly everybody, as as your general person who populate that strange world of slanted floors and walls of encroaching masonry ruined about them. That really does just make you think I step back and marvel at the production design, but feel kind of icky and weird business. How unusual it looks as I slowly moves forward. I was enamored by the steel. I enjoyed that this detail felt fresh. It doesn't feel something that I had been super rehashed many times over the years. I was interested in variables, Kuniko and it was full of surprises. I was interested. I really was going to cool. and like I said, kind of caught me off guard a lot. But but some of the things that the performance is a great. The sets are great. The Studio Lane is pretty fantastic, but there was something missing. There was something called about the movie. Some distancing me from really large, untainted, the kind of from really attaching myself to the tale from as a stantly esthetical point. The movie was lovely From a story point is pretty sound. I enjoyed where the story went from characters. I genuinely liked most of these. kind of you know that all these people they feel the Koala skaters. And yet for some reason I just couldn't connect with the movie. It just feel courted, which isn't the best, but I still can admire. Know if you're interested Less movie. I can highly suggest Glued chicken. Oh, just know when you just talk about the end of it because I feel like I want to talk about it. but and also feels a little ever spoiler warning for an 88 year old movie. But that is exactly what I'm going to do. So what? Lost in the your thoughts in the comment box, Cool if you leave me right here. If not, let's get into the the ending, which I found was rather traffic and I didn't see it coming at all, So at the end of the movie we found out the Francis gets chases Caligari back to this Asylum where he is running the place, and discovers Diaries about her scheme to reenact less Dr. Caligari from the 17th century, a pic you'd read about And then they get Caligari. We threw him into a sail. Everything's done and it be has been saved and everything has been won. And then we snap back to Frances telling the story, and I stood up and what we realized that it's not a garden, but as a garden. But it's a garden with. and that's asylum, and Frances is one of the enemies. Yeah, the patient was playing Caligari, Has, in fact, the head of the asylum has girlfriend, in the story, Is watering their own dinners, Will Caesar in the story, The the somnambulist is their Israel. Unless has opened the fragment of a mental patient, there's all been a story. He's just made up a convoluted idea of everything as populated. Has what would let's turn traffic and Sue ahead of the curve. Without kind of storytelling. There's a little bit more complex a lot, but more layered, a little bit more ingenuity With understood that I haven't seen for a lot of movies of that same skill. Most of the movies I've seen have been straightforward dramas or action or comedy. I just kind of follow like story, Beast enough to keep, I kind of loose to Alania. This shows a certain level of creativity that I haven't seen before, which I really did appreciate, and the movie I was next to also came. That justifies the whole expressionistic main part of the movie because as a warped idea from a warped mind, it doesn't come out as regular. That has all strange and otherworldly and weird and creative, And that's how it should be. I thought the ending was terrific and really caught me off guard. Now the movie has pretty decent. I won't go back and check out again. Absolutely. I just don't know what it was that was stopping me from really truly connecting with the phone itself. But I'd love to know what you thought the ending. I'd love to know what you thought of the foam. in general, I would also relate to get more suggestions from Silent Phone that I can check out. So help me up, and the comment box below with some suggestions or what you thought this movie? I'd love to see if you have a definite opinion of it. something they couldn't lately. A little bit more, and I'll see you next time on Man Vs. Phone you.