After waiting for two solid years to finally see the next chapter in the Star Wars Saga, this is what Lucasfilm gave us. now. The real question is has Disney ruined Star Wars, I faith, that's the question that all of us fans are asking right now, and at the end of this video I will answer that question. so let's go ahead and talk about the good, the bad and the really bad. So a Reloj is real, Its cannon. Tell you guys the truth, I think Reloj was my favorite part of this whole entire movie. I asked. Lee. Loved how they were communiqué for the Force and their little conversations that they had with each other. I thought that was really well done, and there was so much like, almost like sexual tension between the two of them, and you could just like really feel their chemistry, And I think that part was really well done. I also really loved the Throne room scene and I think that that whole part was played out really well. I like how Kylo and Rey teamed up together against the Red Guards. I also like at the beginning when Rey shows up and really feels like that. they're still good and Ben solo. Obviously, and she, you know, is trying to convince him that you know he's still good inside. I really feel like that Rey and Kylo had this Anakin and Padme moment. At that part, It really reminds me of Revenge of the Sith, had my actions conversation, the last conversation they ever had together. and it really just reminded me of that part I wanted to talk about was the porks. I really loved the porks. They were hysterical and they were just so adorable. I also loved the parts of Chewbacca and the porks. It was really cute when she, Baca was going to go and eat one of the porks cooked, and all the porks were looking at him and they were kind of like crying and whining about it, and Chewbacca, like out that very moment became like vegan. I love how he took all of the porks and and put them on the ship, and how he was just kind of like a crazy pork lady. How evolved in your characters? I have to say Rose and Paige were the two who stood out the most. To me. I really wish that they would have had a bigger part in this whole movie And I think Paige died way too quick. It was a really emotional. you know, the way she sacrificed herself. But we didn't even get to know this character. She was just kind of there and gone and that kind of sad me. I gave love rose to. I really like throws. She was probably the best a new character out of all, and I really just want so much more rows. and we're depth to her character and to just learn more about her and we really didn't learn too much stuff about rows. And that kind of bothered me because I felt like she deserved to have more depth to her character, So now let's get on to the bad. So one of my biggest problems of this movie was that there were way too many characters and there just wasn't enough time nor story to really present all these characters to us correctly. They introduced way too many new ones who were completely unnecessary, like Laura Dern's character. Like nothing against these actors or actresses, but her character was so unnecessary and Dj the character he was just there was no point to him. They're literally wishes. No sense. either one of their characters. I really feel like that they should had been the movie. I just feel like that they just took up way too much time. And these these older characters that we got to meet in the Force Awakens. We literally just met these characters two years ago. This is the second chapter and the sequel trilogy, and we still barely even know anything about these characters. We hardly know if we bought Po. we hardly know if he bought fed. We absolutely don't really have a clue who write even is, And now they're already showing us introducing us these new characters. But you guys haven't even effort the characters that have already been previously written, and it just drives me nuts because I only know so much more about these characters. I'm so excited to see these characters just grow, and to really get to know them on a whole new different level like we have in the past Star Wars movies. And here I just feel like that all the older characters have just gone the boo and moved to decide for these new characters. And then there's a storyline. I, The whole storyline is just really all over the place. It's really weak. It really has no point, Chia-wei It can't feel like that. The resistance is just sitting around in their spaceship and they're just crying and whining about how to force the first eye. Don't speak, because I'm I'm still flustered by this whole entire thing anyway. There's really no point of this storyline. It just drags on and on and on, so now let's move on to Luke. So we eat wave for two years to see what's great to happen between Ray and Luke. When Ray gives Luke his old lightsaber and guess what Luke does, he just froze over his shoulder and he's just like Yeah, Okay, whatever, screwless. I don't know who you are. I'm done. I don't want this thing. Yeah, see you later. Go to hell. I'm done, type of attitude and it was just so ridiculous. I don't know if it was made to be sunny. but when he heard a lightsaber, I was just like. Are you serious? Like opening one gave you that lightsaber. Like if that was your dad's lightsaber, That lightsaber has seemed sooo much, just crazy stuff And it should mean so much to Luke, and he just threw it away like it just meant absolutely nothing to him. And another fee that really bothered me was that Luke, like abandoned Layi. It was like Leia Sh, trying to hold together the resistance. And you know Hans gone, Ben's turned to the dark side. Luke has just completely ran away, and Leia is out here the only one who's like trying to make things right and trying to, you know, just she's the one who's trying to make any effort, and Luke just kind of like abandoned her, and like I know, like he was going to like frickin kill her son and he's really ashamed of that, And he's like, probably felt like he could face her, But it's like like it was there for you what you were going through. How's Luke? like? I just that really upset me because I feel like Luke would have never have like a banded Leia Like that. Next thing is. Yeah, Luke never really trained right right how? Absolutely like no training whatsoever, And that was one of the things I was really looking forward to This movie Was Luke training right? And there was like absolutely no training And I just saw you understand how how Stiva call away with doing that. Rey was already like relief for sensitive. She could like do all this stuff. everyone saying she's like a Mary Sue, and I thought. Oh, you know, Next movie you know, like Lukla train her, and she'll becoming more powerful and like Luke does even really trainer. None of that really happens as I kind of wanted. Maybe like a light saber fight between Luke and Rey and them like training, And we didn't really even get that And that was really disappointing and I just feel like that whole part was just so overlooked And you know that whole part where Luke is like this is a good go the way you think it is. Yeah, I kind of feel like Luke was saying that to everyone in the audience at the movie theater like it was just so polite. Anyway, he said that and we're all sitting there. It's like at this, this whole movie has not gone the way we thought it was going to go. Okay, so now we're going to dive into the really bad. So one of the things that really really irked me was Finn's character. I love Finn. He was really also force awakens, but Ike, I just feel like that, Dave just kind of turned Finn into just kind of a useless idiot And he has so much potential and everyone has just been calling him to space janitor, And I just think that's so sad. I don't think Lucasfilm even knows what to do of his character. I feel like Poe was just running around like a chicken with its head cut off. I just feel like that his character was so all over the place, And knowing that this was Carrie Fisher's last Star Wars movie, Uh, it. it just really really makes me sad to tell you guys the God's honest truth, and the whole part when the ship blows up and leg gets blown out, and she's kind of flowing through space and then we all think, Oh my gosh, you know, it's just how they're going to kill Carrie Fisher off. And then you know she opens her eyes or whatever, and she uses the force to go to the other ship and they rescue her and save her. I really don't know how to feel about that part when it first happened. I was really pissed. like Okay, Like, Is this how you know? This is how Leia is going to die And then you know she survives for the rest of the movie. But I still just don't know how to feel about that part. and of course Captain Phasma. We thought that she'd get a bigger part in this movie, as we were all hoping and praying for and fast. Mom was treed even worse in this movie than she was in the previous movie. She was killed off, which really really upset me. She was such a awesome character and she died. so it was just so poorly put together how she died And you know, maybe she's not really dead. Maybe she's gonna pop back up into the next movie. But again, they just, they just treated her like garbage, and they kind of just cast her aside like they did in Force Awakens, and one of the most shocking deaths and movie would have to be Snoke. I really have no idea why the heck they killed Snoke off. We had absolutely no idea who he was. Where he came from. Why he was so strong with the force When it's a train, Ben Solo. It really just made absolutely no sense. and again, Snoke seems like such a necessary character and he was killed off so quickly it was ridiculous and I would. probably, we will probably never even know who he was or why he was doing these things. They also hinted at the Gray Jedi, and that just kind never came about either, and I guess that they just completely forgot about the Knights of Ren, which they teased in the Force Awakens and Rey's vision. I have no idea what happened to those guys. They were never mentioned again. They kind of just disappeared and that really shocked being that they kept that really important plot line out. the whole part when Rey and Kylo are talking and Race says that she saw his future, which we never got a glimpse into that. I think it would be cool if we could have seen Kylos future a little bit for Ray's eyes, but of course they just decided to skip over that too. And then the part where Kylo tells right, You know, I know who your parents are. They sold you for drinking money, and he's like You know the truth of race. like, Yeah, I know the truth and I personally feel like that Kyla was biessing Ray. I really feel like he was lying to her and trying to throw her off and making her feel like she was a nobody. But I really don't think that that's the actually truth of her parents. I think that they were trying to throw all of us fans off and save it for the big finale for episode 9. The one really emotional part of the story was that both Ray and Kylo both feel abandoned and alone, and I think that they both could really relate to each other on that level. And when Kylo says you know you're a nobody, but you know you mean something to me. That type of thing. You could just really see how they're both are hurting so much and how that's stuffy that draws them together because they both have experienced that pain. It really is disappointing that there was a proper lightsaber battle. I really wanted there to be a showdown between Kylo and Luke. I really just wanted them to just see them fight it out, and to just have this really epic lightsaber battle And we really did not kept that we got the Luke Force per jet projection thing. I cannot pronounce words today. I am sorry, I, and that's pretty much what we got and it was really interesting moment. It was really different for me. Feel So you've seen before. We never knew that this power existed that Luke could do this. But still I just kind of wanted a traditional lightsaber battle in place of that again. It was no casing. It was enjoyable. and yeah, so probably the most iconic death of this movie would be Luke Skywalker I kind of had a feeling bites him the end of the movie that he would turn into a force Ghost and he would disappear, just like how Obi-wan did. And of course that was the case. I got super emotional at that moment. I know my mom was really super emotional, too. you know, to see Luke Skywalker born on screen and then to see him die on screen. It was a very emotional moment just seeing his life of the character and stuff, and knowing that he has passed, and of course he's going to show up in Episode nine as a force ghost. We all know that he'll be back, But again, it was still really interesting seeing the Two Suns setting and it wishes a very emotional moment. Now Finally has Disney ruined Star Wars? Personally, I don't think that they've ruined the whole franchise. I think that they've just really screwed up with this movie again, Glass Jedi. It's not a bad movie, but it's not exactly a good movie. However, and I would have to admit that this is my least favorite Star Wars movie out of all of them. Yes, I would have to say I prefer to film Menace over the Last Jedi, but I don't know. Maybe as time passes and I watch - Jedi a few more times, it may end up really growing on me. When I first saw the Force Awakens. I absolutely hated that movie and after giving me a second chance and watching it a few more times, is now one of my favorite Star Wars movies. So maybe the Last Jedi will grow on all of us and we will look at it. Be more positive about it. But I really think that Lucasfilm really needs to take a step back and think again before giving Rian Johnson, You know, giving him his own trilogy to work on. I don't want to blame Ryan for the whole entire movie because it seems more like the script in the writing of the story seemed to be more of the problem than the directing was. So maybe Ryan was at fault at all. It was just the writers and stuff, but at this point it's really hard to tell who was that fault with this movie.