Hello and welcome back to screen fanatic. I am knowledge, and today we'll be reviewing the classic movie The Godfather First. Let me say this, This movie for its time is, I think it was. it was it was advanced. it was. it was ahead of allowing the other films around that time. As far as filmmaking, screenwriting and even producing this movie was just. it had a lot of hidden gems all throughout the entire movie. Now the movie is four hours long, so it's a ton of. It's a ton of just scenes in lines in the movie that just you can apply to your your everyday life, as far as it's your own life. Even if you have a family, you know you have a wife. You have children. Now To say you're doing something illegal, but I mean it's just it was. It was very meaningful. the entire movie. The weight of the screen was the way that the sprint was written, and just everything about the film. So I'm gonna start from the beginning with this film Because it, it was a lot of it was just a lot of things that I had to kind of had to absorb and take in, and I wanted to make sure that I got it right and doing this film review because this is a very classic movie that I still love watching today and it's just it's very meaningful. so from the beginning, Um, basically the director is Francis Ford Coppola who's a great director and he's best known for his three Godfather films, Part, the first part, Part two, and as well as part three, And then you also have the screenwriter, which is Mario Puzo Or I don't know if I'm saying his name correctly. Excuse me if I'm butchered his name, but I believe is Mario Puzo, or puzzle in Mario Puzo. He does. This was some of his best work. Like I, I look to my research to see what kind of work that he did on other films and he out of two other films, Song, summer comedy, But this is one of the most. I think this is some of his most prized work. kind of like an artifact, you know, but I mean it was great, And then you had a star-studded cast. You had Marlon Brando who played Vito Corleone Ii, The Godfather Did. Done you had a? You had Al Pacino who played Michael Curley, Only the son James, can he plays Santino Corleone Ii, Sonny, you have Robert Duvall who plays Tom Hagen, which is the adopted son, The lawyer of the family. You had a Talia Shire. I don't know if I'm pronouncing her name right. - excuse me, but as she plays the the sister and but she, you know, if you can remember correctly, she was also in the The series or the sequence of films. With what Sylvester Stallone The Rocky. She played Adrian Adrian. So anyways, but this is. this is a great film right off the get-go A scene that's very memorable for me was where were they having a sit-down and one of the guys come to. They arranged the meeting and one of the guys, he comes to thee. What comes to the meeting with a proposition for the done for Vito to start selling. You know, start selling drugs. So you know he has a lot of very. He has a lot of incentives for the Corleone family and he wants Vito to come in because Vito has a lot of politicians in his pocket, and all the other five families are basically on board. They're ready. They're backing. You know, they're just waiting for Vito. Cause Vito out all at this time. Out of all the five families, they all are strong. they have a lot of stripper. Beto is like the glue. Beto is like the originator. He's like the beginning like he's like one of the first ones to really come to power within his family and to really take this done, La Cosa Nostra la famiglia to the next level. But he's old school and that's why he's been able to survive so long because he makes move and he's a. He's a. He's very deep and thinking so they cut off so all the other families are already on board. They come to Vito. Vito beat always the pros and the cons, and he basically says the science against it and I think he decides against them. He knows right away. I gotta bring in something I gotta. I got to. I have to alert some of my muscle to keep an eye on this fellow because he's not the type to take know the right way correctly. He's the type to want to get together with the other families in and to oppose me and try to take me out. You know. So basically that's what he does. He brings in Luca Brasi, and he tells Luca Brasi to kind of be like a spider going. They're kind of spiky piling this guy, Tony. You're not happy with the family, You know, you're not happy what we're doing over here and to invest the report back to me. So Luca Brasi does this and he says You know I'm not happy. Maybe you guys make me an offer here, and to give a more in depth perception of Luca Brasi, is a very big guy, very muscular known for just best, but he comes in when he needs to take when they need him to take care of any problem that is physical. I mean, he's a very intimidating looking individual, very physically imposing. but the the opposition Kana is able to kind of fill this out and they kind of plot a setup, a plot against it to where it was no mass for three to four individuals that take him out. You know, he tried to put up a fight, but they're able to take him out, so actually I want to go back to a scene prior to that happening before this meeting is adjourned. between between Vito and his and his family in the Salaat See, died his son, Santino aka Sonny Before he tells him what. When he? when he insists no, Sonny steps up and says, Wait, Wait a minute. You can't you guarantee you know what? He's basically hashing over the benefits in his head and Vito kind of like, tells him Sonny, you know, kind of like makes him back up a little bit, and he says, and he tells, Slot-c says, You have to excuse my children. Let me try to do it in his voice. You have to excuse my children. I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them. as you can see, they talk when they should be listening. But that was a very great scene. Is you know? Eventually, Basically what he was saying is you know, he's compassionate for his children. He has a weakness for them, and in a sense they are spoiled. but you know you're dealing with me so, but that kind of gave slot-c a little a little traction, a little bit like Sonny was half of my deal. you know, so as you can see, the wheels are already put in motion As far as all right. Well, Vito assists No, and then the thing with Luca Brasi happens and they take Luca Brasi out, So I really don't want to go into the movie. But this is a very, very clever movie. It's very thoughtful. It makes you think. it makes you a pile. A lot of the scenes to your own life, and how you will move as far as how you would deal with people. is very this. every. a lot of the scenes are about power, as far as how you leverage it in your own way, and to come on, come out on top. I mean, I can go on and on. I mean, as far as the characters you have Santino, you have Luca Brasi, you have Clemenza, you have Tom Hagen, you have Tesio, you have Fredo, which is the brother, and this film was very good because it focuses on character development, and, as I've said in my other reviews, that anytime the film, the producers and the screenwriters take the time to really focus on character development from the beginning and how they come into play later in the film, and all throughout the film makes a huge difference nine times out of ten. They always make for great films. So I mean, like I said, I want to, I don't want to cut this films. I don't want to cut this review short, but I want to keep it going because this is such a classic film that I don't mind going about over my normal time period as far as my reviews, Because this I, this is. I owe it to this film. So no, after you have, After you have Luca Brasi taken all the Godfather is eventually gunned down, but he ends up surviving now in the myths. in the midst of that taking place. Know Selassie comes to Tom Hagen and tells them all right Well, we know Sonny is up next. He's He's immediately acting Godfather, So I want you to go to Sonny and I want you to convince some. Hey, we don't want war, but convince him to go along the plan as as I would like to do. So, so he says, okay, I will talk to him, but you know Sonny, he's very hot-headed He's very emotional, but let me see what I can do and they know this, so he says I'll see what I can do, but even Sonny won't be able to call off Luca Brasi now, So Selassie is kind of a thinker and he tries to. He's a chess player. He likes to move steps ahead. so with them knowing this, he says Well, you let me worry about Luca Brasi, and at the time Tom Hagen is not aware of this. He's not aware of this at all. Oh, excuse me for saying somebody's busted my line. Okay, so yeah, so Tom Hagen isn't aware of this at the moment, So as their, as their little rendezvous is adjourned, one of his one of Selassie gods, pulls over Since hey, he lets him know he's alive. He survived two men, you know, I temped on his life. he survived. So now this kind of ruins his plans. He's upset by this news and he says Tom, we hit him with five shots and he's still alive and he says this is gonna be bad news for me and it's gonna be bad news for you if you don't get Sonny to make that deal. So this kind of offsets a lot of the timing and a lot of the plans that were supposed to take place. so after this this is. This is a very key moment in the film because it's like what's gonna happen? This. you know, the Kirlian, currently only family member, The Godfather, He survived, but he's gonna be gone for a while, Cuz he's an older guy. We gotta figure out what's going on. We gotta still run. We gotta run off the family's business and affairs all in once. So within this time period you have you have Michael. Currently, Only he starts to get involved in the family business now to kind of take a few back steps. Michael currently owned it from the beginning. Didn't want anything to do with the family business. He was very. he was. He was adamant about that, You know. in fact, he ended up joining the Marines, or yeah, end up joining Marines to kind of get away from the family business, which his family didn't agree with, because his father had it set up for him to go to college at Furman To be more into. You know, governing govern government politics, politics, type of thing, maybe like a, you know, a senator or a councilman, a mayor or governor, something to that extent, But of course, Michael had other plans, and you know he, he stood strong on it, but when his father gets harmed, he find the ins up. He is a finding out through his girlfriend at the time, which is Kate, and while they're out, in fact, how they're finding out while they're out doing Christmas shopping, she just happens to take a glimpse at the newspaper and season, you know, be Toker Leone, feared be being killed by by gunfire, but it doesn't say whether he's dead or not, so she says Michael. She's trying to get his attention and she shows him the paper and immediately Michael starts to panic and he's very like, you know distress. He needs to figure out what's going on with his father. He stops by a payphone makes a phone call. Hey, Sonny. what's going on? You know is I see that Pop has been shot. Is he in a hospital? Doesn't say whether he's dead or not, and they said Yeah, the old man is in the hospital, but we don't know. You know. he looked like he may pull through, but it's very. you know very. He's very critical at this moment, so immediately my co-stars to a sin. He starts to step into the family business, Giving advice. No dude. let's try to do this. Let's do that and at first they're kind of like, kind of like waving them off. Jesus, love young brother. He doesn't really know nothing about family. It's the family business and politics. As far as the affairs and how we move and do things, Just you know, we're gonna protect them. He's our younger brother, but kind of stay out of it. You know that's how they kind of treat Michael. but Michael is actually giving very sound advice. So before that scene actually happens, going back to the beginning because there's a lot of things that come into place later in the movie, But going back to the beginning of the movie, When Michael's is all decked out in his medals and Marine uniform he counted. He's telling Kay his girlfriend about a little bit about the family business because she was inquiring about Luca Brasi, Like I said, Luca Brasi is very intimidating, very physically opposing us. His look. He kind of gives her a little brief description on it and going into the family business, and he tells Kate it's my family, kids, not me. You know so fast for moving forward. So now that this is taking place, Michael is, he's really. he really wants in. Now he really wants to go forward and and really do all he can to help. So upon doing this, you know he, he starts to really get involved in a sin and go higher and higher, And this is kind of like where the the film kind of transcends They. they. Their producers did a great job of shooting Michael to kind of show like Wow, Does give great advice. and but a kind. From this From that point on as his father is healing it, they're producing. They kind of zoom in on Mike, to kind of show like all right, from this point on were kind of moving, and to be into the Michael Corleone Ii stage of the film. Now that kind of showed that you know he's accumulating his power and he's really just. it's really, and he's a natural addict at being a godfather and being a nun, and Michael starts to really step up and take over, so I'll stop right there without going in any further Because this is. It's like it's a very long film, but it's very. It's it's great. It's not slow. At any point. You won't miss you. You'll be on a. It's very gripping. You'll be on the answer you see watching it, and you can watch this film over and over again, But this is a great film. Four stars. like Give this look film a four star rating. This is like I said, I love watching the zoom and I kind of love love watching it around. family. You know sometimes well, For the most part my family does it. They don't completely understand it like I do, and break it down like I do. But that's why I'm here to do the review. So, but this is a great film. four star rating. I love a lot of the scenes, the the discussions, the side discussions that a lot of individuals are having, In the scenes, the roundtables where it's like a panel discussion where they're working out differences. I mean, this is a great film from top to bottom. I love the way it was put together. I would like to see it redone in a modern version, but I don't want it to take away from the original version, But it has to be has redone and a modern version. it has to be great. A. as far as acting, screen writing, producing directing, it has to be up to par. It cannot say. Oh man, they should have just never remained it, you know, but if that's the case, then don't remake it Because this such a great film. I mean, I love our Pacino. I mean every all the characters were, You know, you could see how they all come into play. This was an outstanding film for from producing to directing to oscar-worthy performances from the actors From a lot of this the screen shots with the way they were able to capture different moments in the film. How the by them doing so it kind of focuses all more so on the actual scene or the purpose of the character versus them, giving a dot a specific type of dialogue. But don't get me wrong, The dialogue was also great too, So if you liked this, please hit like, please comment. Please ask a question. Please subscribe to my Youtube channel. I got more films coming up. If there is any film that you would like me to review, type it in the comment section and I will get started on the right away. I got a lot of films still left to review for as far as classics, and I got some new films that are coming and the theaters that I want that I can't wait to get a head start on to get those reviews. so thank you for your time. I know this is a little bit longer than usual, but this like to say, this film deserve 21 minute video, so once again, thank you. Thank you guys so much look for for my, for my new videos coming soon. Thank you. Have a wonderful day.