Honest reviews are all about transparency. I want you to know how I was feeling what I was thinking about when I saw the movie So Here goes for Spider-man Into the Spider Verse. I actually screamed it the same day that I had worked at Home, team Harvest for King 5, which means I was up at about 5:00 a.m. So I was a little tired By the time that I got to the screening. I was also a little bit hungry because I hadn't had anything since breakfast, but I was in a good mood and I went in with zero expectations, so you can imagine my surprise when I walked out, feeling like I had just seen the best animated movie of 2018. Spider-man Into the Spider-verse is based on the Marvel Comics character Miles Morales, who exists in a multiverse where multiple Spider-man's and a woman and a pig are brought together and they have to kind of fight for a common purpose. It is an absolutely bonkers premise, but the movie walks the fine line between being way too weird and just weird enough. And we can thank the team of Phil Lord and Chris Miller for that. They're of course behind the movie franchises like Lego Movie 21 Jump Street, Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs and Chris Miller was born and raised right here in Lake Stephen, So let's hear it for Snohomish County. Okay, back to Spider-man The script is really terrific. It's a great blend of edgy humor and irreverence, self-aware superhero platitudes and genuine emotion, and it's supported by a truly spectacular cast, including the Herschel, Olly, Lily Tomlin, Christine and Nicolas Cage as the totally memorable Spider-man Noir. But Shameik Moore, who plays Miles is the true standout. He's a spider-man I found myself laughing at and with rooting for and sometimes comparing to my own kid. But the greatest achievement of this movie is the animation. It is gorgeous, and unlike anything I have ever seen before, it looks like comic book panels come to life. They actually innovated new ways to do animation just for this movie So seriously. every frame is art and purposeful. So my honest review for Spider Man into the Spider Verse is Swing yourself into a theater this weekend and see it. bring friends or your family. It was actually a perfect movie for my 13 year old son. But go with someone because you're gonna want to talk to them about this afterwards. I promise. it is not like anything else you've seen this year, and it's not only my favorite animated movie of the year. it's one of my favorite movies of the year period. I hope you love it.