This Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece tells the story of a wheelchair-bound photographer confined to his Greenwich Village apartment, who in his boredom finds himself peeking into the lives of his peculiar neighbors, a dancer who spends her time fending off the advances of older men, a middle-aged woman struggling with loneliness, a newlywed couple and a man, but grudgingly caring for his sick wife, which is the source of a lot of the film's suspense, but as it turns out, one of the only neighbors without a romantic relationship of his own is actually the one who helps to tell the most important love story of them all. Major story with the laboratory, Get up shore in laboratory rear window, Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 mystery thriller, Now considered one of the greatest movies ever made, was actually based on a 1942 short story by Cornell Woolrich Called It had to be murder. The big thing that the short story and the film have in common is the central conflict in which Lb. Jefferies suspects one of his neighbors of murdering his bedridden wife. After forming his theory, Jefferies spends most of his time searching for clues by spying through his camera lens to eventually uncover the sinister truth. However, the more interesting part to me is where these two stories are different and that's the element of romance. as we've touched on already. A lot of the characters in Hitchcock's film are involved in a relationship of some kind, notably, and most importantly our main character Lb. Jefferies, who is pretty much ready to give up on his dating relationship with his girlfriend Lisa. You'd think that since this element of romantic love is such a prominent part of the film Upfront, there would be some semblance of it in the short story, right, but that's not the case at all. In fact, the character of Lisa is completely absent from the short story, which instead leans completely on the thrills and suspense of Jefferies, playing private investigator, And of course, Cornell Woolrich, the author of the short story, executes this to great effect. In fact, I included a link to the free Pdf version in the description, If you'd like to check it out yourself, But the absence of romance in the short story is all the more telling. that it's inclusion in the movie was a very deliberate choice by Hitchcock. So what kind of love story was Hitchcock trying to tell Here? Well, let's take a look at the first act to learn what kind of relationship Jefferies and Lisa have at the beginning of the story. we know from what we see in the opening shots that Jefferies is an accomplished and well-traveled photographer and prides himself as a free spirit and an adventurer. In fact, the reason he broke his Lake in the first place was because he put himself in harm's way to get that perfect photo. but when it comes to Lisa, he doesn't seem to think she's very interested in getting her hands dirty with a mess of adventure. She's just not the girl for me. Yeah, she's not me perfect. she's too perfect. she's too talented. she's too beautiful, she's too sophisticated. She's too everything but what I want. While this relationship dynamic is being set up, Hitchcock periodically gives us glimpses into the lives of the neighbors, including one who seems less concerned with his surroundings than anyone else. A musician. Now, in the beginning of the film, we can see and hear that this guy is beginning to compose a piece of music on a piano. We only hear bits and pieces and kind of get the impression that there's still a lot of work to be done before the song will be complete. As he fishes around for a melody. The inclusion of the musician might initially seem like just another part of the neighborhood flavor. but before we explore exactly why this character is so significant, let's bounce back over to the relationship between Jefferies and Lisa. A few scenes later, we see that a lot of Geoffrey's doubts about their future seem to be justified. Although they clearly have affection for each other, Lisa has high-class tastes and seems preoccupied with things that are frivolous in the eyes of Jefferies, Both of which contrasts with his modest and down-to-earth personality. Can you see me driving down to the fashion salon and a jeep wearing combat boots on a three-day beard? This disagreement sends an already tense relationship into further turmoil and we feel the frustration between them both. Now it's at about this time that Hitchcock guides our attention back to the musician who's continuing to work on his piece of music. but we see that he's dealing with some frustration of his own. At this point we can start to connect the dots that the progression of the musician's songwriting is developing in tandem with the relationship of our main characters, following it from a vulnerable place where it was still new and clunky to a place where it's on the verge of falling apart. This connection between music and character becomes even more apparent at around the story's halfway point when Lisa has finally accepted that Thorwald is acting suspiciously, and she decides to break into the man's apartment to dig for clues and evidence herself. As Jefferies watches helplessly from across the courtyard, We hear the musicians piece of music more prominently than ever before, and it's now starting to show signs of growth and progress. This resonates directly with the progression of our main characters relationship. Because this is the moment when Jefferies realizes that Lisa is willing to take a step in his direction and embrace risk and adventure to things that he didn't see in her before and then at the very end of the story, after the terrifying face-to-face confrontation in which Jefferies is thrown out of his apartment by Thorwald, who is subsequently arrested, We hear the completed version of the musician song play in all of its glory. And what do you know? The name of the song finally becomes clear. I can't tell you what this music is meant to me. While this reinforces the idea that the relationship between Lisa and Jefferies has now fully blossomed, we know that it's just the beginning for them. As if to acknowledge this, Hitchcock gives us one final image. Lisa dressed in more casual clothing, reads an adventurous book about the Himalayas, indicating that she's changed and is now embracing some of Geoffrey's values, But the shot becomes more interesting when she eventually puts her book down in favour of a fashion magazine. Yes, she's now embraced a lot of what Jefferies is passionate about, but she's also preserved an important part of herself in the process. So many elements of this film managed to say so much without a single word being spoken. The opening shots of Jeffrey's apartment informing us of his normal world and values, the progression of the musicians song, reinforcing the ups and downs of our primary character relationship and our final image of Lisa. that somehow manages to capture the complexity of what it means to love someone. all of this demonstrates that Alfred Hitchcock isn't just the master of suspense, but moreover, a master of strong visual storytelling. Thanks for taking the time to watch this video. Feel free to subscribe to see more content like it, and remember Story is King above all movie things.