So Part three of many today, we're looking at the first picture from the 1920s for at least the first one on my list, and we're also leaving Hollywood behind to venture over across the ocean to Germany for a silent film Some of you might heard off of the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. With the end of the First World War in 1918 and the end of the Kaisers reign, creativity in Germany exploded when a German officer hands Janowicz, returned from the frontline as a pacifist, He looked for a new way to express himself and show Germany's ability to produce something that wasn't an army items of weaponry. With the help of Austrian screenwriter Karl Mayer, the script was written for the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, with director Robert Wine, working on what would become his most famous and influential picture. Compared to the last two films I've reviewed, this 1920 German picture is dramatically short with a running time of only 71 minutes. It is less than half the length of intolerance and that other one. Furthermore, instead of two, the movie is split up into six acts of around ten minutes in length. Each act ends with some sort of cliffhanger or general hook. with a fast resolution just around the corner. It really sucks you in because of its fast paced, and luckily ends before it runs out of steam. It most certainly does not overstay its welcome. The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is a movie filmed and stages, not on sets. Every location is an art installation, crazy geometric shapes and harsh angles, creating something incredibly stylish, But the dangerous, unnatural environment, coupled with the creaking ominous music lends to the atmosphere being incredibly creepy. overall. Whilst the film was and clearly was made on a budget. It actually helps the film. This movie would not work without. It's strange, painted on buildings and expressionistic style. No more than intolerance would work without 300 high foot walls of Babylon. Technically, there's a very impressive film. The title cards are striking and memorable, although there is often a little too much information trying to be conveyed in such a small and short amount of time. also, while the music is atmospheric anomalous, too much time is spent with almost no sound whatsoever. Those are more nitpicks than anything, though, as between the way the different filters are used to show light, the use of silhouettes and shadow imagery and the impressive use of overlaid words towards the end to depict true madness. The film looks really great. Haled is the first true horror movie and a Birth of the twist, ending. The final act of the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is amazing. from a storytelling point of view. The previous act seems to have wrapped. things are far too conveniently so it comes across as very refreshing, but everything you thought you knew gets thrown out of the window. I loved this movie with the use of flashbacks, the way the Insane Asylum has the most natural set, and the way that I couldn't not think of Mickey Mouse. Whenever I saw the Doctor's gloves. This film will stay in my mind for a long time. The viewing is required more than recommended. Four out of five stars, loved it.