Hey, what's up, Everybody? good afternoon, Good evening or good night, depending on where you're watching from, I'm Anthony, This is the Silver Screen analysis. Thank you guys so very much for tuning in today. We have a fun, naturally charming film to talk about, called Eighth Grade starring Elsie Fisher, Josh Hamilton and Emily Robinson, written and directed by Bo Burnham, this story centers on a teenage girl named Kayla who lives with her father. She's simply just trying to maneuver through the last week of the eighth grade while kind of dealing with the fears and the optimism of what high school is gonna deliver, as well as the just other struggles of adolescence know every year we have that one film that just kind of comes out of nowhere and surprises us with how entertaining it was in 2016. For me, it was Sing Street Last year was Get out, and this year eighth grade is without question in the running for being that surprise hit of the year. For me, I'm a 40 year old guide. The story of the girl dealing with her last week of middle school isn't necessarily a plotline. That's gonna appeal to me unless I don't know the school is being taken over by rebel forces or they all turn to zombies. But the notion of me personally being able to connect with a teenage girl in a story like this is a long shot. I could still very easily enjoy the film. I just think that relating to the emotional struggles of her character arc, I don't know, could possibly miss the connection with me from my perspective, but much to my surprise, I did connect with the main character. Her internal anxieties genuinely resonated with me, and I absolutely love the journey this story took me on. I think this film thrived on three things. the performances, the progression of the storyline in the national tone of the dialogue. I had the pleasure of being able to moderate an in theater Q&A after the film with the lead actresses Elsie Fisher and Emily Robinson, and they really did provide a ton of insight to the methodology behind the filmmaking process. In this project, this is the first full feature film for writer director Bo Burnham, and I asked them about the dialogue and Burnham's improvised approach, and they've really cemented that notion. They talked about Burnham's mentality of warning the kids to be kids and wanting them to be the ones who told the story from their perspective, Burnham didn't always want the dialogue to come through him. From his perspective, they eluded to certain scenes where he would just toss out a topic and let the performers converse naturally. They also spoke much more in depth. He wanted to have the interactions between their two characters specifically to be much more improvised, and I thought it was great because it resulted in a lot of natural jitters and gestures that really did capture the genuine awkwardness between two kids of their age perfectly, and the more they spoke on the process of shooting this film, the more it solidified why their characters were so easy to connect with. Because they weren't necessarily characters all the time, and rarely did it feel like they were delivering lines of dialogue. I think this focus on wanting the characters and the storyline to feel much more natural are what made this that intimate film that's gonna sweep you up into this story that it's telling you. It doesn't amplify moments for the sake of cinematic storytelling, and it doesn't stray into melodramatics when it very easily could have. It was comical at times, but it didn't force the laughs and the script didn't try to land jokes. The humor was effectively delivered through just many organic situations we have all experienced in one way or another, which is why they're comical. There is no studio vibe here. The framing of the shots and the lighting is all very simplistic, and I think it complements the storyline perfectly to make you as the viewer feel like you're kind of peeking in on someone's life and watching it evolve much more than it feels like you're watching performers filling out characters. I thought all the various relationship dynamics were grounded. They were sincere, and the result is subtle, but very heartfelt and emotionally engaging. The main character is simple. She's normal. Most of us had shades of Kahless personality when we were her age, and that's what makes watching her path through this film so enjoyable. so overall, I'm gonna give eighth grade 90% on the entertainment meter. It was extremely well done. It utilizes a vibrant musical score to add another element to the storytelling, and I think my only minor nitpick about this film was that I wanted some more. I wanted a little bit more between the characters of Kayla and Olivia, and possibly a little bit more backdrop to Kayla's family life, But otherwise it was a well-crafted film with charming performances and it is definitely worth the watch. Thank you all so much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did hit that thumbs up button, Share with your friends. Leave a comment. I love to hear from you guys. If you haven't yet subscribed to the channel, hit the notification bell, so you can be alerted when all the new videos pop up. All my social media links are gonna be down in the description below. You can also visit the Silver Spoon analysis for a wide range of movie related content and here's some links to some recent reviews, just in case you missed.