The black Clansmen Hi, my name is Kyle Suggs, and welcome to my channel, And I'm going to give you my conservative take and we're going to start right now. So the way this works is, I'm gonna give you my movie review based on five categories and of those five categories, and we're gonna score it and I'm giving you a four star rating. After that, I'm gonna give you a conservative take on whether or not you should go, not go, or to go with caution. Now, mind you, this section will include spoilers, but I will indicate that above, and you can skip over that. If you like to do that, go into the description and look for the index, and you can skip forward to anywhere in the video. Okay, So now with that, let's get started. So the Black Clansmen is Spike Lee. His latest movie. It came out in 2018. It stars John David Washington as Ron Star Worth, as well as Adam Driver, and it's a based on a true story about an infiltration of the police into the Ku Klux Klan, And it's interesting because Ron Star Werth happens to be black, and so this story is pretty interesting because obviously it's very difficult for a black person to join the Klan, And so Adam Driver is a person who actually helps with this sting operation And so as far as the story is concerned, it's a pretty decent story. It goes forward with. Ron Stallworth goes to college campus. He meets a woman that he falls in love with and ends up finding out that there is a gentleman there who's the political person and they're worried about potential Black Panther uprisings, And so he's supposed to be spying on that, but to find out he actually decides to let's do this and infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan, so he gains permission to do that and then escapades ensue So as far as the story is concerned, it's pretty cut and dry, but since it's a true story, I'll give this rating a 7. As far as the emotional impact in this movie, I don't feel much. I mean, I'm a black man and I still didn't really get any movement in my emotions one way or the other out of sort of what blase. I was expecting something a little bit more powerful, but it was trying to be a comedy and then trying to get serious, so it really didn't have any impact because I didn't really know what it wanted to do in terms of its tone, and so yeah, I give it a 5. As far as the intangibles for this movie again, this movie doesn't have much. It doesn't jump out at you. The direction is anything spectacular. It's it's okay. There's the acting is okay. I guess the screenplay is so. So again, the mood of the film is all over the place. You don't know. This wants to be a comedy. If it wants to be serious. What is it? I think Spike Lee just kind of phoned this one in and he expected this to actually be. You know, an oscar-worthy movie. So for the Intangibles, I'm getting a 5. As far as watch ability, I give it a 4, because I don't really want to see it again and I don't want to recommend it. The last few minutes just destroys the movie. It's too much on the nose, and that's nothing about this film. He does stuff that's way over the top. and it's like the messaging is just in your face. Punch you with no subtlety whatsoever. It's a clear propaganda piece and I don't want to see it again and I don't want to recommend it. My overall rating for this film. It's going to be a 6, and that's highly generous because I mean, I guess there is some decent acting in here and it is fairly well put together, But the story isn't really good. The soundtrack or the score really isn't that memorable. The climax in it into the film is a misnomer. It's poorly directed. By the way. This is a spoiler section. Not that you they care anyway, but just so you know, So Spike Lee at the end of the movie does a three or four minute montage on the Charlottesville incident where he takes the President out of contact, saying that there are good people on on all sides. The actual quote I'll put up on the screen is not what he said in the context, and if you look at the actual situation there, Charles Vil. it's a lot differently what the media was portraying it. And if that's all, he has to lay on the president's feet in terms of being racist. Well, I mean that's pretty. That's pretty weak, and he tries to draw loose comparisons to America. first about the plan using that slogan and he's obviously taking a dig at Americans, and that's also very weak, considering the fact that Spike Lee wants to essentially say that he's for illegal aliens over Americans. That's That's the messaging. the America first. It's put legal Americans first over illegal aliens. And here you have a guy who talks about the bondage of the African people of African Despo, Yet he wants to put the people that struggled hard for over a hundred years where they actually were whipped beaten lynched. He's gonna put these people in the descendants of these people in the back of the bus for illegal aliens, which is essentially what you're saying. I think now is a good time to mention to Spike that every person, every races that was depicted in this movie by an actor was a Democrat. That includes George Wallace. That includes President Woodrow Wilson, and yes, even includes your main antagonist. David Duke. At a time of this occurrence in history, David Duke was a Democrat. And though some of you may be saying Hey, but the party switched and so forth. Well that's not true. it's very easily debunked. I will leave a link below of a video that I did that's very well documented, called the Three Ways to prove that the parties never switched. So check that out, and also his messaging. He comes out and says You know what he says. Well, Once you go out and get a gun, he has Stokely Carmichael, who was presented in the movie, who basically whisper in the lead actresses ear saying, Go get a gun and arm yourself. Delete a character. Stallworth and the female lead here, knock on the door. They go grab their guns and go out Blake blazing, But they go out of the sea. What's outside? and of course it's a cross burning in the backyard and it goes into this montage. It makes no sense whatsoever, but at the same time he wants to have the socialist liberal mentality in terms of an victimization of Africans, but he wasn't turn around and say, go and get a gun, So that's totally hypocritical in terms of the messaging front coming from the left. so I don't know what Specter he's trying to do, And then he wants at the full on the Oscars and put down the green book as if his movie is so much better. Well, Spike, your movie was not that much better. In fact, it was horrible. In comparison. No one's claiming that Spike always want to have an Oscar to his name for Best Picture. He got Best Screenplay. He shared it with three others, and by the way, he was only person to actually speak during that ceremony. So Spike in there. What man? You really dropped the ball on this one And you really showed yourself on this And no, no one needs to go see this film. The little bit that it was good. You've ruined it towards the end with that out of context montage racist crap that she put out there, trying to portray people in a light that they weren't supposed to be. So that's my rant and I'm done with that. So my final take on this movie is basically, it's a rating of 11 out of score of 20. It's a two and a half star movie. There's some few things in there that keep it from being a total piece of crap. But two and a half stars definitely dunkels. See this, and so with that I'm done. and if you like with this content on this channel, please consider liking and subscribing and let me know because the most important thing is what you think. Did you see the black Klansmen? Was I being too hard on it? If I was comment below. If you agree with me, comment below, and let me know I value your comments, are Er, your comments and I look forward to hearing what you got to say, So that always be awesome and I will see you on my next conservative take.