Get away from her, you sick. Hey guys trip, You are going well, so today we're going to decide whether or not the latest comic book movie Wonder Woman has put the Dc franchise back on track. and it's something that could once again at rival its more powerful sibling, Marvel to take a quick step back. The character of Wonder Woman has never really been one that I is much associated with. I think it's something about the 1970s television show starring Lynda Carter, in the incarnation of Princess Diana, The mascara that's never quite sat right with me. Not only is the show really super dated and cringing nowadays, but there's something really objectifying Male Gaze Ii about that skimpy outfit that's just always made me feel a little bit uncomfortable. Despite that, the original character of the 1940s comic book Wonder Woman would always intended to be one of strength of bravery of female sexual empowerment. And that's definitely themes, and like sociological ideals that I can totally get behind. So from the very beginning I was always 100% behind Dc's first stand-alone female superhero movie directed by a female Patty Jenkins. Now he very first got to see Gal Gadot as Diana Prince, Wonder Woman last year in Dc's Batman V Superman, where she made a knock out first impression, and pretty much the highlight of that entire movie. And now here in her own standalone movie, Wonder Woman, we get to see Wonder Woman's origin story, Her life growing up on the secret island of The Mascara, among the Amazons, charged by Zeus to protect his greatest creation, which is humanity. Now here is the part where I give my overall honest opinion about this film. I loved it. I seriously had the best time with this movie for a comic book origin story. It really fulfills the brief of what you would expect from a comic book origin hero story. And yeah, I just really loved it, and not just because I wanted to love it, because this is a strong female lead story. I objectively loved it. The laughing of this movie just pleased me to know, and Gal Gadot as Diana Prince is just, she nails the tone for Diana Prince in such a way like there's a a playful sort of naivety to her, which is so sweet and so endearing. Even though she is this fierce and brave warrior hero, It really helps build her character because she is out of her comfort zone, an alpha element in leaving her island of the Amazons and coming to this war stricken worlds of men, not to mention Christine, as charming World War One pilot Steve Trevor. There is something about the way that they balanced their relationships, that made everything about Diana Prince's character less, I want to say of justifying, and let me say not being overly of justifying when you are rocking a Wonder Woman outfit like Gal Gadot is, is no small feat like she does it, and the film is able to handle it. That by, in no ways as I was watching the movie, did I ever feel sort of like she was being objectified there on screen wearing that skimpy little outfit she sells, every single bit the fierce warrior that they were portraying her, As this movie gave me a really good sense of who Diana Prince is and that progression of growth from what she started off as to who she'd become by the end of the film, And it just made me really excited to see what her next chapter is going to be, and as we all know, that will be Dc's next installment, which is Justice League overall. I think this is really solid, and a lot of people are saying that this is a movie to revitalize the Dcadt franchise and I totally agree with that. Does that mean I am hyped for Justice Leaguer, Uh, yeah, no, I'm not going to lie. I'm still a little bit apprehensive about that one guys. They are my thoughts on that Wonder Woman That let me know in the comments down below what you guys thought of this movie I'd really love to know. Don't forget. You can also subscribe to my channel here and keep up to date with all of my other mood and Tv reviews. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you next time. bye.