Hey, what's gonna have? The Youtube. This is Sel zero T20 Zjv, I swam back here again for another review. I told you I was making a slew of reviews throughout this week because I am trying to get down and narrow down to my top 10 list. I just finished watching Moonlight. This is a movie by Barry Jenkins. I don't know if the beer drink is actually wrote it and directed. I believe he did do the screenplay, but this was a masterfully directed film. I do know that Naomi Harris, who plays Chyrons, mother, when it's named Paula, She's the mother of this, and then Marsala, Ally. Both of them got nominated for Golden Globe nominations. I was very curious to see you know the depths of their. their, very much so well acclaimed. I guess roles in this, but the ones this handed out for me was, you know, all the different actors that play Chyron, Trivanti, did an amazing job as the older version of Iran, and in his element, and kind of gone through the circumstances of everything, and as well as Andre Holland, which Kevin and Sharon have an interest in history, The reason why Tron goes by the alias of Black is because he called him that. Then I believe what was the other guy's name? I think it was a Sean Ashton Sanders who plays the middle version of Chyron. Did amazing long story short. They all did an amazing job with their performance as this man cared. because the character, unlike normal conventional films is very conflicted. I mean, he's dealing with poverty. He's dealing with the mother. There's got a substance abuse issues. It comes in to addiction, that becomes into just a life altering situation where he doesn't know when he's gonna live or stay, and his mother is just so unstable. That is heart-wrenching to actually really watch Because that happens all the time. I mean, like depending on where you grew up, you know, I'm saying like you would see something like this, And this is the thing about the film and what I have to give. credits do for Barry Jenkins, This does not feel like a film. This like talking about like a random book story. This seems like they went straight up. You know, I'm saying to a specific location and just film the life of a person. This is what I mean. A lot of people love boyhood. I love boyhood, but this takes boyhood and goes here. You can't see my hand, because this, like the actors, commit to the environment. I think it's a place in the 1980s, if I'm not mistaken, but they commit to it like it's so believable. the dialogue, the personas, the environment. It's like, I mean like, I don't even know how the actors were able to commit that well, and that's the thing. Even the cinematography. It adds more immersion in a lot of different ways where like you might have. Like you know, Chyron has a young adult. He's just getting chased down the block and you don't know where he's gonna go and just feel scary, you know, and then when he is an adult and you know you know, I'm saying like he's a big dude now. Like who's gonna really get some? You know, but he's got all its insecurities in himself. He's tormented in his mind, and the biggest thing about this movie this. The underlying theme that I haven't brought brought up at all is the fact that this is very much so dealing with homosexuality and homophobia homosexuality. In the sense that Iran is a character. That that is something that he's from. Know what age was, maybe 8 or 9, like his mother was really teetering him with the prospect of that. and then this one random guy who plays volley of one, decides to be his surrogate father in the midst of his adolescence of understanding who he is, and that's where Ali does an amazing job like he is an amazing surrogate father. He's not the father, but he's an amazing surrogate father And her as a mom, she's just a total opposite. I was this like, But there are the thing about it. There's certain things that happen with those two characters that I didn't expect. Towards the middle of John's life. Everything shifts where things just get completely worse. That's how it is. Well, high school, No matter what it's like, That's where the the moments will break you or forge you through the fire, essential. and he went unfortunately through both. Where's his mother? She just was gone and then on top of that wand was gone and it was like Dang, what is he gonna become? you know, and his is interesting back and forth with this character, Kevin, Especially in the middle part. It was like something terrible happened and it put him on his platform. Whereas, like he's just a pitfall. essentially, you know, and he becomes honestly what one was, even though Wang was a good father and stuff like that. So I could father, he was a drug dealer and there's consequences with that lifestyle that you lead, and this film does not end, you know, and the happiest of the lucky ways, but going back to the aspect of homosexuality. In sense, with Chyron, He, not that he hated himself, but he did not know how to you know. Make it through this situation, Cuz, he didn't have mom, so he doesn't have anybody. It was like from jump like people were just ready to attack him. you know, and you know, I think Wan knew that his mother knew that they didn't know how he was gonna make it. You know, but he did. He had to go through these circumstances that platform them into this next, this next level as a man. And it's very. It's very deep. It's a rough film. It's a rough, though, I mean, I think that for people that deal with worrying or a little slight homophobia, there are some very explicit scenes. There's some scenes. There was a slight, you know, But the thing about it they don't. This is the thing. this is. the. This is the quintessential thing to I respect about this film is that there are. There's a lot underlying theme of you know, the the understanding of his own homosexuality, his sexuality as understanding as being a man, very much so, and where they could have taken a lot of gory scenes or not, grotesque or sensual scenes of having like sex all over the place and everything with different people you know, and they didn't do that. they use tact. They use very well placed in a Matar fee to not even show necessarily any nudity. But it was very much so things that are implied, and that's where I said. There's a warning there, but I respect the director and the way that they crafted this film. There is no nudity. Like the scenes that show the sensual connection or chemistry between, like Kevin or Chyron or other people, are all done through scenes through acting. There's just one specific scene which I run and Kevin when they're adults in the diner, or even when they're in a car, And you could tell there were some definite little emotional triggers that were happening. Whereas they could have kind of just like, made it really uncomfortable and cringe-worthy They just decided to commit to it from dialogue and through eye contact and through nuances of confusion. It's like you get to see Ty run out of his element in in his element and knowing himself as an adult and not knowing what he's gonna become, And there's very interesting ride, very well executed film. ten out of ten. Yeah, it's not a film you can sit there and watch over and over again, though, because it's very heavy, but definitely one of the better films I've seen this year, so the last film I got to check out be probably man chest about to see or hex or ridge. I don't know if I can stomach hex or Ridge tonight, and Manchester by sea. I've heard it's very depressing, so I might just kind of cut in for tonight, but hopefully y'all did enjoy my review for Moonlight. Keep it alive, Jv. I swear you'll stop. I'll talk to y'all later. Have a blessed night peace.