What's up, Everybody and welcome back to another movie review. I'm Chase Lee in the movie I want to take a look at right now Is the fair. Well, now, this one comes from a 24, and it is written and directed by Lulu Wang, and this one stars Aquafina. Yes, that Aquafina from crazy rich Asians, and she stars as Billie, and her and her and her family live in the United States, and her dad gets a call from his aunt, his mother's sister, and she says Hey, your mother's got stage 4 cancer. She's not gonna last long. just letting you know. And so this really kind of puts him into, you know, like a downward spiral a little bit. He's like. Well, we gotta go. We gotta go see her And so you know, going from the U.s. to China is not a cheap flight And so they, they spend a lot of money to go over there rightfully. so it's you know, one of the family members getting sick, But they, what they do is they staged a wedding from for Billy's cousin, and they, That's how they bring everyone together from all over the world to go to this wedding, so they could basically be around her grandmother, you know before she passes, and just spend as much time with her as possible before the day eventually comes, And you know we've all been there. We've it's it's not. It's not fun, but spending as much time as you can with loved one before they go. He's very important and that's what they do here. They just do it in a very funny way. And so you know, going into this, I heard a lot about this movie from Sundance. This is where I heard the most pop from and I I was like, Oh wow, with the farewell Aquafina drama. Well, what is this? I have to see this pronto, So you know, from Sundance until now, which is like seven months. you know. I've been hearing nothing but great things and I solved the trailer to it and I was like This looks like a really great movie. Like just a a solid straightforward, good movie. So I walked out of the movie and I hate a 24, because every time when I see a good movie, I have to reorganize my top 10 list. yet again it gets a little annoying. you know, For first, Firstworldproblems indeed, do not feel sorry for me. No, this is a wonderful film. It is absolutely touching. It's heartbreaking. It's funny poignant. it's just it's a really well-balanced movie and it's It's so straightforward, so simple. its bare-bones type of filmmaking. but it resonates with not only like me, but I think it'll resonate with like everyone else that watches this movie. It's it's just. it's a wholesome movie that everyone can go and join everyone can appreciate. With that being said, it is a 24, first-ever pg-rated film I know kind of weird. right if you saw Midsummer like that's, Borderline Nc-17 is just really funny To go from that one to this one, And this one is a film that. while everyone can enjoy it, which is fantastic, I love movies like that. That was just pure crowd-pleasers that. Um, everyone can kind of a kind of grasp onto it. And so what I really appreciated about Lulu Wang's kind of writing and directing is that she doesn't have to make a flashy movie. She doesn't have to make something and hold our attention for every three seconds with like an explosion or like a fast cut or anything absurd like that, It is such a straightforward story, and it's really just down to its simplicity that makes it so beautiful. You have a film that opens up with Billie and her parents. They hear about the news, and then they're Amelie in China, and from that point on all we do is just see the interactions between each family member and then the movie ends. It is one of the. It's probably the simplest movie I've seen all year. The reason why resonates so well is because she knows that it's a simple story and you have to elevate it with great writing and great characters. To start with the writing. The writing is sharp. It's It's on point in the the comedy work. She never would think a movie about death. There would be as much comedy either as there is. But listen, there's a lot of goofy families out there and I appreciate that this family has enough personality to wear. Even in its darkest times in this movie, people can still be a little lighter in the next scene and just enjoy each other's company. And that's where the comedy comes from. It feels very realistic. Doesn't even feel like I'm watching actors. Those look I'm watching. There's a real family Go through this real struggle and Aquafina is you know, you know, kind of sharp. Comedic timing does work in some scenes because it once again it shows that she has personality and the whole family has personality as well that they're able to kind of bounce off of her. her improv and her jokes, and everyone else's you know might crack a joke. Whatever it's just, it felt so natural and so organic And then, while it, while it is, you know, got a lot of heart and a lot of humor to it, it does have a lot of somberness. It does have a lot of subtlety and a lot of nuance in its storytelling. its character development and acting with its characters. This isn't a movie that like feels like it was made under a Hollywood microscope, where we have to write every single character you know crying in hysteria because their grandmother is just. It's going what Lulu does fantastically and balances so well Is that she? She captures what it is like in the final moments of someone that's about to pass. Everyone in this movie breaks down at different moments. No one breaks down at the same moment. And that's what I love about it At first. You know, Billie is like, kind of hesitant to go, because like her grandmother's about to die, But as the movie coming keeps going, she has her moments where she breaks. Her cousin has his moment when he breaks at the most unfortunate situation which can apply to the comedy area. Her dad has a nice moment. Her uncle has a nice moment and Anton, cause it's just everyone has their moment to shine and they are. They're all kind of coping with it in there, either own speed, and that's where I found once again very realistic about it, very, very grounded, and just kind of honest to how humans react to this stuff. and just once again there's nuance to the way they are written it. They're the times that they kind of kind of break down or unexpected. I, I don't really know well, like how the movie is gonna kind of treat these characters. How they're gonna kind of weaving out their emotions, And that's what is kind of so beautiful about it is because everyone's human in this movie, Everyone feels like a real human, just kind of coping with this thing in different ways, And I really love the kind of grieving process that each of these family members kind of go through, and on top of all that their connection is wonderful. once again, it feels like a real family, uncles, aunts, cousins, the parents, the grandparents, grandparents, siblings. It's just like everyone was bouncing bouncing off of each other so well that once again goes back to Lulu Lanes direction. And what I was saying with the writing is that balance. It's all about balance ping-pong hanging back and forth showing what she excuse-me needs to show. Excuse me, I don't know what that was, Showing what she needs to show and doing it in such a meaningful manner. Nothing ever feels wasted. This is such an airtight movie and is well edited. You know, for its hour-and-a-half runtime. It's a short movie, but short, sweet into the point, and that is the best way to describe it. Going to the nuance of the acting. This is. It's really funny When I saw last year Aquafina and crazy rich Asians I was like Alright. She's got some like Melissa Mccarthy vibes. She's She's an interesting supporting character and she's got so much personality. It's so bubbly and inviting you. She's the type of person that you want to go hang out with. I have a drink with and discuss life with. She does a complete 180 in this movie and I absolutely love it her. her subtlety in her. Her emotional stakes in this movie are so high. she picks the right moments to explode her character with where you know. she's talking with her mom and she's She's had enough in what she has to yell at her. you know, Um, one scene where she's talking in English to one of the doctors in the hospital and her grandmother can't hear, but you can tell that her eyes are like tearing up because she's hearing like the the news in an honest way, because the doctor is keeping everything hidden from her. I, I didn't look into it. I don't know if that's a cultural thing in China, where if people are dying if they ever struck with an illness and they only have like a few months to live or something, I don't know if it is culture to keep them in the dark like that and just let them die peacefully. You know, I'm not opposed to it. I think that's fantastic and it kind of keeps them less paranoid and just kind of lets them go peacefully. I guess yeah, you know I. I see no issue with it, but if that's a cultural thing, please let me know down below. but um, yeah, it's just uh. they. They keep up this lie. you know pretty well and it just takes a lot of it takes a lot of toll on these these actors and these actresses and everyone is. just. It's so somber and so kind of beautiful and poetic with their performances I really enjoyed and Aquafina is fantastic. Everything you've heard about her and this movie is very warranted. She is outstanding. A couple couple things, and I'll go and wrap this up. The second thing is, Speaking of the cultural thing, It doesn't matter if you're from China, if you're from Japan, Taiwan, any Asian territory, any European territory, American territory. whatever everyone can enjoy this, you don't have to be Chinese to enjoy this film. This is a film about family. It's about love, it's about compassion, it's about the grieving process. It is once again a human thing. Everyone that is a human being can enjoy this movie. It is a universally made movie. That's what I love about it. Everyone can watch this movie and be like I've been there. I've done that. so yeah, I mean, you know, I adds a grandmother that passed last year and so I kind of did everything that was done in this movie like I lied to myself about it. I'm sure everyone else lied to themselves about it. And you know when the day came, it hit you, or maybe a hit you a day later. They day or two later, you know. it's just it's It's interesting how people people cope with it And just watch this movie brought brought a lot of those memories back And it's it's you know. death is. Uh, it's inevitable, but it's a. It's an interesting process. That's all I'll say, And the last thing I want to say before I wrap this up is that Lulu Wang, while making a simplistic story, did not skimp on the visual aesthetic of the film. The one thing I really appreciate about the cinematography is not only is it clean, it's you know, it's clear, it's it's just really nice cinematography. Excuse me, She plays with the framing a little bit. If you are making a movie, you know, Typically, if you have a shot like this, you want to have about that much Headroom between your head in the top of the frame If you want to make it a shot interesting, If you have them over here and like the third right there, or excuse me right right there, Like there's a third. There's a third and there's a third. You can have their faces right there. You could have you know extreme close-ups and see like their face. There's many ways you can frame a scene and she could have easily made this visually boring. But what I love about it it's just it's just subtle things like this, small little things matter, folks, she has. most of her. Her characters like this, We're like the top of their head is hitting the halfway point in the frame. And so it's mainly just like their head in, like a little bit of their their chest area in the bottom half of the frame. And so I was thinking myself like, Why is she doing this and I came up to the conclusion that I think she did it this way, Because the situation that this family is going through with, you know, the grandmother experiencing this and them experiencing the, the grief and the inevitability of her death is that the situation weighs on them, So if the situation is weighing on them, it's just kind of like pushing them down a little bit, and like their bodies are sinking with it, And that's that's how I interpret it. It could be something completely different. She could be like I just did it, Cuz it looked good. What you does. It adds a little bit of uniqueness to the film. But that's what I got him is that the situation is weighing on them so much, that's actually pushing them down in the frame once again just adding a nice little extra layer to the film, Guys. this is a wonderful film. It's a. It's an honest film about family and about death. It's a funny film. It's wholeheartedly just fantastic. I have nothing bad to say about this movie. It is a straightforward movie. It's airtight. Everything about it works for me. I love the farewell quite a bit. I know my fiancee did too, so I'm going to give the farewell an A. It deserves an A. I have no issues with it. It's gonna make the top ten. eventually. I just need to figure out that list. but thank you a 24 for three great ones in a row. You can stop now, Cuz, it's getting ridiculous. No, keep coming. Yeah, so if you've seen the farewell, please comment down below and let me know. But until that, until that, let me know anything else down below and that will do it for this review, guys. I'm Chase Lee, and tune in next time For whatever I review next, I will see you guys later.