- I mean, I don't know if like my fellow Youtubers ever feel this, but is your outfit ever just like so good, but you're like, "I can't pan down so they can see it. "So ll they can see is my shirt. "And it just doesn't have the same effect." Yeah, I dunno what tangent that was on, but it's just a thought I've been having. I dunno, let me know if you have that thought. So I asked you for movie reviews and they are a comin'! First one I'm going to do is my "Inside Out" movie review. I'll go step by step through the movie and its problems and things I liked, and then I'll have an overview of it, and you know, give it a rating. As movie reviews generally go, I think you know how it works. So "Inside Out" is Pixar's latest family feature. It's about a pre-teen girl named Riley, who is experiencing the emotions that go up and down when you make a major move across the United States. It's also about her dealing with the turmoils in of growing up in general. So, plot: most Pixar movies are relatively like short, so it never really felt like it dragged on or anything. It was a decent length, I didn't feel like it needed to be any shorter or longer, really. I think the concepts, especially within her brain, were super thought out and well constructed. Now I will mention that this film does touch on some, you know, deep-ish issues. But I also think they could've gone just a little further and it still had been passable as a family film. So characters: I mean, my preteen years are kind of an embarrassing blur of me wearing Ed Hardy and Bobby Jack shirts. But I'm pretty sure Riley was relatively relatable. No spoilers, but the parents also had some pretty funny material too. Even if it kinda fed into the whole family unit type joke system. You'll know what I mean when you see it. The emotions were all well acted, none of them stuck out like a sore thumb. There was none of them that when they would start talking, I would be like, "Ughh just go back to the other one." None of that, they were all cool. Although if an "Inside Out" fandom on Tumblr exists, I do see some ethical debates between the characters and the stands of them. If that exists, but I mean it's Tumblr, so everything exists on Tumblr. The animation: it's Pixar, so of course the animation looked great. Again, the world building inside her head, and even outside was fantastic. I do wish they had made it seem a bit larger scale, if that makes sense., The writing: I really do like that this film touched on some issues of growing up. And especially how sometimes you pretend to be happy when you're really not, and you're just trying to force yourself to be happy and it doesn't work. Sometimes you just gotta let yourself not be happy, essentially. This also seemed more like a preteen slash adult movie to me than it did a kids movie. And I don't know if that works or doesn't work in the movie's favor, but I think that made it more enjoyable for me, at least. I was also pleased to find that this movie has the same director as my favorite Pixar movie, and one of my favorite all time movies, "Up". Which probably explains why this movie isn't nearly as awful as some Pixar movies of recent have been. I mean it was just a slippery slope for some time. Representation: This, unfortunately was a sore spot of the movie for me. I dunno if it's because I've become more socially aware or what, but I just think there were so many missed opportunities where they could've slid in some diversity, be it racially, or from the Lgbt plus community, into this movie. Where this movie left off, a sequel would definitely be intriguing to me, but really only if they added some representation because that's definitely an area where kinds movie nowadays are slack in. Overall: this movie had great concepts, designs, and final pay off, in terms of characters and world building. Like its Pixar predecessors, this movie is definitely severely lacking in diversity, and I hope if there is a sequel, it amends that. I recommend this movie to hardcore Pixar fans, if you need to see a movie with family, or someone who can't go into movies that are Pg13 or over. Or if you enjoy crying over things like emotions and imaginary friends, like me. For an animated family feature, I give "Inside Out" a B+. Also, for all my movie reviews, I will be putting trigger warnings down in my comments section so that you can be forewarned before you see the movie. So you can go check those out down below, as well as my other links. blah, blah, blah,. You get it by now. As always, I'm The Filminist and I'll see you soon.