Edmund Burke once said that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing. That's this movie. Spotlight, released in 2015, is actually a Best Picture winner of that year and also won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The film is directed by Tom Mccarthy, who is a writer of the Pixar Movie Up, and also directed several Tv shows from the show's 13 Reasons Why and Game of Thrones, This movie has an all-star cast of Michael Keaton Mark Ruffalo, Rachel Mcadams, Liev Schreiber, Brian D'arcy James, John Slattery, and also Stanley Tucci, Spotlight is division of the Boston Globe newspaper, who do months and months of in-depth investigative reporting on a certain subject. In 2001, Spotlight picked up an investigation of Roman Catholic priests abusing young children, and that is going to be the shortest plot summary I'm ever going to give, because this movie is so much more impactful when you go in, not knowing any of the spoilers, not knowing any of the cover-ups that this movie is spotlighting ha, ha. spotlight. let's see what I did there. Yeah, now this movie was not made for its entertainment value. Don't go into this movie thinking that you're gonna be entertained for two hours. and believe me, when I say this, that is absolutely a compliment. This movie is presented as a slice of life to the audience. There's no criminals. there's no courtroom drama. It's not a thriller. Honestly, I don't know how to categorize this movie. It felt so real. Honestly, it felt like you were watching a documentary of the actual events unfolding. All. Thanks to the amazing amazing acting in this film, this cast is one of the best on-screen ensembles I have ever seen. Everyone escapes so effortlessly and so seamlessly into their characters that again, it feels like you're actually watching the real people doing this. Everyone in this movie is so subtle and so reserved. They act like real reporters would if they were ever given situations and stories to do investigations on. Like there were no stereotypes. There are no cliches of how we think reporters and editors are again. It just felt so real. It is great to see Michael Keaton finally getting good roles. Nowadays there was a long period there where he was not working. That's an absolute shame because he is a tremendous actor. Mark Ruffalo was fantastic as the heart of this movie And Rachel Mcadams character shares a scene with her grandmother in this movie that is so powerful. It's only 15 seconds long and there's no dialogue, but it is so emotionally powerful. It got me going. In my opinion, it is the most powerful scene of the movie And it's why I'm gonna give this movie the rating that I'm gonna be giving it. And Liev Schreiber was great as the editor of the Boston Globe, but he could have portrayed the editor very cliche, like Jj from Spider-man or Perry White from Superman, who's always angry and always looking for that next story. But Schreiber plays the editor, so introverted and so soft-spoken Hmm, have I mentioned how amazing the acting was? The cinematography is also brilliant in this movie because again, it doesn't feel like you're actually watching a movie. It actually feels like you're watching real life, but they also do a great job of showing how influential the Roman Catholic Church is to the city of Boston. There were several exterior shots in this movie where our characters would be walking down a street. They would be at someone's house, or they would walk by a playground with children playing on it, and there would be a church right there in the background. It's always there. It's on every street corner. and once I noticed that my stomach dropped six feet under. It was very very powerful imagery, guys. I think this is gonna be a very short review because I don't want to give away any spoilers. I don't want to give away any of the discoveries that we the audience make when we go into the film, not knowing anything. But I will tell you to stick around for the credits because they show you something that is such a gut punch for an event like this. It's It's very effective. All I will say is that this film does show how good and how powerful and how positive investigating reporting can be. And this movie also shows you that you have a voice and you have a responsibility to stand up and speak up against those oppressors who do wrong in this world. And if you don't do that, how much better are you than those who actually do those heinous acts? Okay, I'm done. I'll get off my soapbox now, so everyone, this is a first for my channel. I'm gonna give Spotlight five out of five blu-rays please. please please check out Spotlight. It is a fantastic film. I think it was a little overshadowed at the Oscars because when they won their Best Picture was after Leo finally won his Best Actor Academy Award, And I think the main reason why everyone was watching that year was to watch Leo win that award and didn't really care about anything else. So please again see this movie. All right, guys. Now comes my favorite part in my video where I pick which movie I'm gonna be watching next. Let's take a look. The button, Ocean's Eleven, No remake. See, we got George Clooney Matt Damon, Brad Pitt, Eight other people Awesome. I haven't seen that movie in years. Excited to watch it again. So guys, have you seen Spotlight? What did you think about it or if you've never seen it before, but you stumbled across it because of this video. Please comment below and let me know what you thought about it. Also, please like and subscribe to my channel, so that you know the next time I'm gonna be posting my next video so everyone I will see you next time with my review of Ocean's Eleven The remake. In the meantime, be well, be good to each other and go watch a movie. Take care, guys, you.