So a quiet place part 2 comes out this week, so I figured I'd review the original or Quiet Place from 2018. Real quick. if you enjoyed the video, Don't forget to like and subscribe and tell me what you thought of the video down below in the comments, and what you think of a quiet place. Uh, and are you excited for a quiet place? Part two, and this is gonna be a spoiler video. It's not gonna have too many spoilers, but I will be talking some spoilers from a quiet place, so if you haven't seen it, I recommend you see it before you watch this video anyways. let's get into it. So in 2018, this movie really took everyone by surprise. when John Krasinski Obviously, you know from Jim as Jim from Jim in the office, so he directed a horror movie starring him and his wife. Uh, where? essentially there's these monsters who can't see, but they can hear and they have really good hearing, so if you make a noise, they're going to kill you. And so this movie's really about that, and like the family's survival with that concept, But overall this movie is terrific. This is my third time watching it, and honestly it gets better every single time John Kozinski takes this kind of simple concept of You know, these monsters that can only hear you and they basically hunt with what they hear. Um. It's He takes that simple concept and really flushes it out to perfection with really a really deep story that has a lot about, like family dynamics, and really very a creative story with how he treats this concept of these monsters. But first, this movie works so well as a horror film in the horror genre. First off, it just feels very horror modern. You know, 2010's horror with how it's shot It. Just it just feels that way, but also it's pretty scary at times. It's not like super scary. It's not like the scariest movie I've ever seen, but it is pretty scary at times, but it's really more terrifying and suspenseful. With that's kind of the nature of the movie. The concept of If you make a sound, you're gonna die. That's real, a really terrifying idea. And the idea is really done perfectly and really creatively like I mentioned, Like the stuff with the waterfall where you can talk around the waterfall. As long as it's louder. That's really creative and really all the like the cool stuff with like the lights and all these like the fireworks, and all this different stuff I have at the farm to kind of combat this enemy. I think it's It's really creative with what they do here, and that's definitely nod to the writers and the director as they just they do this concept really well, And that's one of the biggest strengths of this movie that made it so great is that it's just you take the simple concept and develop it so much to you. Just make it perfect Like I've always loved the opening scene alone, where you know the kid has like the rocket ship, and he just like turns it on. And he just gets killed by the monster. John Krasinski's running towards him. It's a super like bold opening, Um for a movie and I, um. it's really sad and it's really terrifying, but I really love it. It's such a good opening to a horror film. I think I really want the best, in my opinion, when it comes to your crazy openings to really set the tone of the movie and it does that perfectly, but overall this movie is just, you know, terrific with the suspense and with just how scary the monster is. But also this movie is very dramatic with the concept. Obviously, you know you have the daughter who's deaf and you really have you know the family dynamic with that with John Kasinski trying to you know, get, make her a hearing aid and really, Um, she ends up. Obviously, she's responsible for the kid dying in the beginning. So then there's a dynamic with that throughout the movie And then the wife is pregnant. Um, and there's a dynamic through that so there's a lot of like drama elements mixed in here that also complement the story very well, in my opinion, And it really, it gets pretty emotional towards the end of the movie. Obviously with John Krasinski you know, getting killed and sacrificing himself to save his kids in the movie And then when you see exactly how much he was doing for his kids and for his deaf daughter, obviously making the hearing aids, you know, it gets pretty touching and heartwarming towards the end of the movie. With you, just you see how much he was doing for them. And that definitely really helped the movie, I think, And it's just it's really nice how they blended so much drama into. You know, a horror movie about a monster. It's pretty a nod once again to the director and the writers. Um, with just how well they did that, And the family elements just work so well in this movie and it definitely enhances the movie and takes it that. Next step. in my opinion, the acting from pretty much all four or four leads, I believe is really good as well. I mean, you just get this. Really. They all pull off this really intense performance, particularly Emily Blunt and John Krasinski into two like adult lead roles. This, they really convey the the, The, The tone of the movie, Just the suspense and just how terrifying this world is. Um, They really do a good job at conveying that and that just once again it just helps the movie. Just be this. you know, Really, almost a masterpiece of what they did here with this movie. But the acting in this movie is just terrific, but possibly the best element. you know. Obviously the most. No, The kind of biggest takeaway from this movie was the sound and the sound editing and the sound mixture and everything, Because obviously you have these those dead quiet scenes where they're kind of they're being hunted and they just don't can't make a sound. Um, then you really mix that with. You know, these kind of small noises that they're You know that they're allowed to make throughout the movie. And then you also mix that with. Like the score of the movie, They mix that in there, as well, um at different scenes throughout the movie. But this, the sound editing is in. Sound mixing is incredible in this movie and it's just really like Next Level type stuff And it's like unbelievable what they're able to pull off with that. and once again I'll go back to it a lot. but it just it helps convey the tone in the mat. In the point of the movie With just like these monsters hunting these people, It really helps with that when you just you have the sound, which really is the most terrifying aspect of the movie, But just how well it's done, and it really just makes you really terrified for these characters as he really really pulls you in. so overall, this movie is just really an amazing horror film, in my opinion, but my only negative with the movie and it's kind of sort of a negative. I think it could have used a little more development. The movie is only 90 minutes and about half of the movie is the final act of the movie with Emily Blunt having the having the baby, which is really the main kind of arc in the movie. Um, So that's really that? That's like half the movie. I just wish there was a little more. Um, Obviously, this movie's really good, so I do wish there was just more and more. It was longer in general because 90 minutes is pretty short, especially for a movie like this. That move tends. That does move really quickly. Um, so I wish, and I think the emotion would have hit harder in this movie if there was just more a little more character development. It is pretty good. Everything is pretty good. I just think it could have been a little better. in that regard, Not a huge issue for this movie. Just something I can. I kind of, I wish there was a little more development for pretty much everything in the movie, but once again not a huge deal with the nature of this movie and really like the sound stuff. And you know these monsters that can only hear, those are going to be plot holes and you know people are going to point those out, but I'm not going to go in depth with those. You probably already know what they are. Um, and I don't really like. I don't personally really care about them. The movie is terrific. In my opinion, I don't really feel a need to nitpick the plot holes. They do hold the back a little bit just because there is some like the pregnancy during this whole situation. It's kind of a little kind of frustrating. Um, but it's like that That definitely adds to the movie. The pregnancy. That's the the concept that make one of the most intense concepts of the movie. So I'm completely fine with it. I get it. Um, I don't want to pick the the plot holes in the movie but it's they're definitely present and there might bug people more than they bug me. personally, I'm pretty fine with it, but anyways, like I've kind of alluded to, this whole video on this movie is just really good as a horror movie, but also as a suspense, kind of thriller, kind of movie, and as really like as a drama, the drama elements also really work here. It's just terrific from the acting to just how they treat the concept to the sound editing, and obviously that great sound editing. How well that conveys the tone of the movie. It's just everything in this movie works and it's really. it feels like a movie that shouldn't work. but it just works so well And it's really a nod to John Kozinski here, who does a terrific job in directing the movie. Um, and it's just this movie is just an incredible experience. It's really endlessly rewatchable. I might have to watch it again before a quiet place part 2 comes out. Because it's just it's so good and this, it's really short and that makes it really easy to watch. Um, I know I complain about it being underdeveloped, but it being 90 minutes also makes it a really quick watch. Like this movie flies by. It feels like 30 minutes when you watch it Because it just there's. It's so much happens in this 90 minute period. So anyways, I think this movie is really really good, so I'm going to give a quiet place 90 and 4.5 out of 5 stars. I think it's definitely deserving. It doesn't quite reach 5 stars. For me. Maybe it will one day. I hope it does one day, as it gets better with every watch. but right now I'm just gonna give it four and a half. but like I said, this movie is just an incredible and unique experience and it's just you know, it's one of the best horror movies that we've gotten in recent years, and I endlessly enjoy watching this movie. But anyways, that's going to do it. for my review of a quiet place. I can't wait for a quiet place. Part 2, Here at the end of the week. Um, and if you enjoyed the video, don't forget to like and subscribe and tell me what you thought of a quiet place down below. How excited are you for a quiet place? Part two, Personally, I can't wait. I really like Cillian Murphy, who's you know, one of my favorite actors, So I'm really excited that he's gonna be joining the movie. And this is a sequel. That's been a long time coming. It feels like, so it's definitely exciting to be finally getting it this week. And that's gonna do it for the video. Thanks for watching, and have a great day, you.