Hello and welcome to Wrapped up in film, I'm Zoey and this is my review for Spotlight Top Cars. We've got Mark Ruffalo, Rachel Mcadams, Michael Keaton Liev Schreiber and Stanley Tucci, directed by them, very talented Tom Mccarthy. So this is a true story, all about a team called Spotlight at the Boston Globe, who uncover the huge scandal of child abuse and cover up within the Catholic Archdiocese. Everything about this movie is outstanding. the performances, the direction, some really nice little touches. We're in some of the scenes. You can see the church in the background, almost like it's sort of watching the characters, and it's fantastic, Gives a very very eerie feel. This movie doesn't need to rely on action or fancy costumes or glamour or romance. It's purely drama Base is very, very real and compelling performances all around. It really reminds me a lot of all the Presidents bed. What a classic. Tom Mccarthy's masterful Direction Really makes you feel like you're parts of the spotlight team. I felt so involved with the investigation as a story got bigger and bigger, and the more information that they, I discovered my job is just on the floor. I mean, this actually happens Is all real. I just couldn't believe it. The car. So like I said before, just top rate performances all round. I love the interaction between them all. It's very, very natural. There's such a tight-knit team. But for me, the guy sold show was Ruffalo playing. Mike Lee just gave such a powerful and whipping performance. You can really feel his passion for this case and how much he wants justice, and he totally deserves that Oscar nomination. Another apps that stood up for me was Stanley Tucci playing one of the lawyers. He just gave a flawless performance. I loved him as an actor. He just chooses great movies and he never disappoints. Tom Mccarthy started off as an actor and a writer and is now just blowing us away with his appt, laudable directing Talent, and that the really great movie that he's directed is The visitor. If you haven't seen it, put it on your list and check it out. Okay, I'm gonna write this movie now. I'm gonna give this film a room ninety-two percent. I watch it again. Yes, what I recommend it to friends? Hell, Yes, I'm so chuffed with how many wars it's winning and I'm excited to see what Mccarthy is gonna do next And that's a wrap for today. Thank you so much for watching my show. If you haven't subscribed, please do. There's tons more videos coming. Take care, and I'll see you again soon. bye.