The farewell was directed and written by Lulu Wong, and it stars Aquafina and Xiaozen. A matriarch's family gathers in China under the guise of a fake wedding after she's been diagnosed with terminal cancer. A fact that the family have decided not to tell her. I knew this was fairly common practice in China. I found out from the 1953 film Tokyo Story that people generally don't tell the elderly when they're diagnosed with terminal illnesses. Orgafina plays Billy. She was born in China, then moved to America when she was six, so she doesn't really understand or isn't used to these traditional Chinese ways, and this decision not to tell her grandmother Ninai about this diagnosis does not sit well with her at all. Nine Eyes, Family is pretty big, and each family member is dealing with this grief and the fact that they have to hide the grief in a different way, and eventually for each of them this makes way for other feelings of guilt. How they dealt with other members of the family. Some of them have left China for a life in America. This is such a lovely warm film. I absolutely loved it. Every single family member, even though they don't all get a lot of screen time, feels real, unbelievable and relatable and likable. and as a viewer, this is definitely a What would you do kind of film And each family member displays a different way of dealing with this grief and this guilt, and all these feelings Billy's dad and uncle seem to bear in the biggest baggage of this secret. They question their lives about whether they're good family members as good fathers, good sons, good brothers to each other, Billy's mother and aunt constantly butt heads. The aunt has stayed in China and become successful. The mother, obviously with Billy has moved to America and had their own positives and negatives, and they keep trying to get one over on each other, whilst also dealing with this grief and this secret. The cast are all absolutely brilliant. There's not a single weak link amongst them, But the two stars of the show are undoubtedly Aquafina and Zhao Shuzen. So much love and warmth between these two characters. You really believe this relationship. You really felt the the love they have for each other and the struggles that Billy's going through because she doesn't see a grandmother very often because she lives in China and she thinks she's probably never going to see her again, But she can't tell her. It really made me think what would I do in this situation and at first glance it seems obvious you would tell. that person seems to a good thing to do the honest thing to do. but in a touching scene, Billy's uncle explains that it's the family's job to bear the brunt of this emotional turmoil. They essentially take the pain of the person who's ill, and the person who's ill is happy until they die. The farewell makes you understand that this seemingly simple decision for the viewer is not as clean-cut as it seems. The film is based on a true story. This is Lulu Wong's actual story, Actual grandmother called Ninai, And you can feel that it's directed and written with a lot of love. There's a lot of kind of lingering shots which make you contemplate everything. Really the film and your own life. I enjoyed the Farewell immensely. It's funny, full of warmth and love. It's not actually as morose as it sounds. It's actually quite a uplifting, heartfelt and funny film. It's written, shot and acted beautifully, and I've basically got nothing negative to say about it. My score for the farewell eight and a half out of ten. Thanks for watching Game over, Man, It's game over you.