Quite frankly, I'm shocked that Avengers Endgame is this good, But then again, I didn't expect the Russo Brothers to go Spielberg quite brilliant. What do you think about it? and that not only they thought of going Spielberg in, but they actually kind of pulled it off. It's not like it's not like a. I wouldn't say it's a ripoff of Spielberg, but I'd say it's as much like Spielberg films as some of the films that Robert Zemeckis has made. And don't worry. we're definitely going to talk about Back to the future. Welcome to my non-spoiler review of Avengers Endgame and don't worry. I've gone through my notes for this review several times to make sure that there is not a hint of a spoiler so it is safe to watch. But we are so much to talk about when I get to the spoiler review pretty soon I, but don't worry. I'm gonna be very careful when I post that as well. All right, So as I tweeted hours ago, Avengers Endgame, You know, I tweeted this right after the press screening. Avengers Endgame truly is the greatest superhero movie of all time, And some of you were like you just got out of the movie. Grace. Well, it's been a few hours, as I said, and I still feel that way now. Also some of you said you know. your immediate reaction was. Also, What about insert superhero movie name here? and my answer to that is those movies are still great. In fact, Avengers Endgame couldn't have happened without those movies because Avengers Endgame is truly the evolution of superhero filmmaking. and someday I know it's gonna be hard to believe after you see Avengers Endgame, but I guarantee you that someday and even better superhero movie than this will come along. But boy, have the Russo brothers, Kevin Feige and the cast. The cast is so good here across the board. they have set the bar very high, and boy, by the way, Speaking of the cast and bringing it, I cried so much during this movie like for the first two-thirds I was like so far So good, Haven't shed any tears. You know, I can take it. it's not. It's not that sad. Cuz you know people going into this for like, Oh, I know, I'm gonna cry a whole lot, but I was like, Oh, that's just the hardcore Marvel fans. I'll be fine. third act. Bam, I was bawling tears of joy and sadness, but like I cried all my makeup, it was crazy. It was rude and I even actually kind of teared up a little bit after the movie. Thinking about it, Someone also tears of joy and sadness there as well. now, I would say the biggest inspirations for Avengers endgame movie wise are the following, The first Avengers, The magic of that film, which perfectly captured not only what a team-up movie can be, but what it's like to read a comic book. I often, particularly in the third act, felt like I was looking at comic book panels. Even actually, throughout the movie we very much had that feeling, Logan, and what it's like to draw upon years that fans and actors have spent with characters, and then back to the future. Wow reference Several times in this very movie, Avengers End Game is as good, not better than back to the future when it comes to time-traveling storytelling. By the way, those of you re watching all the Mcu movies to prepare for this one. You are not wasting your time. I didn't watch them though, but I, you know, I still was able to enjoy this movie because I did recall a lot of the things they were referencing. It still was really full of really great surprises. An Avengers End game. On that notice, I said, has strong hints of Spielberg, just as the mecha has worked in in that trilogy. Really strong hints of Spielberg. When I think about it, I think that's why it works so well. Spielberg has that that lightness that magic, that sense of drama theme, a little bit of a theme park. You feel to it. That's the best way to describe Avengers and Geib Spielberg in Now, speaking back to the future, Don't worry. this isn't a spoiler. I'm just trying to describe a sensation. So now, remember at the end of Part 2, when Marty learns that Doc has been transported back to 1885, has been and has been living there right. That was an amazing moment in cinematic history. Doug again, as I said, to worry, this is not a spoiler and audiences when they saw that had to wait an entire year to see what happened next. Well here, you don't have to wait. They play that second movie. It's almost as if adventures, End game is two films, but two films that fit together. It's a joy instead of like, Oh, you cheated instead you're like. thank you for letting me watch it now. Now remember also, speaking of other films, when I said that I was watching The Incredibles - I felt bad that I. You know, the sense of dread came about, you know, towards the end, knowing that it would end well, Avengers Endgame again, On that note did not really end right. I got so much story, so much wish fulfillment. but yeah, at the same time, so many surprises and all ton by the way, in a very masterful way, Don't worry. I'm gonna give the screenwriters their own shout out a little later on in this review, but when the movie finally did end with plenty of teases for phase 4. By the way, there are no end credits scenes, but it doesn't really need them again. They do a lot to set up what's gonna happen going forward, but I not only felt sad is fine, but I have complete faith in the Mcu going forward. I mean, I'm sure they'll make a couple of mistakes here and there, but overall I feel Kevin Feige is as seasoned as the Avengers themselves. Now Something I was not prepared for going into this movie was how strong the representation is when it comes to women. Oh, man, we talk so much about representation these days, and I guess you know we have had a lot of talk about representation for women, but this stuff felt really good. I mean, that also brought a tear to my eye several times. and while I criticized Avengers Infinity War for Fridge and Gamora, which they totally did, Avengers Endgame does right by so many female characters, So many of them. If you like any female character in the Mcu, I think you're gonna be pretty happy at the end of this movie And there's also a third act surprise that took my breath away. I'm not kidding. I gasped in the theater. I was like, Are you gonna do this? And they did several times, actually, with female characters, Come to think of it, and the women and Avengers are simply that they're Avengers, fellow warriors, with as much on the line and just as committed and just as at risk. No, Mary Sue's here as their male counterparts, and I could not be happier Now. speaking of representation, while the door is closed on Stuckey, Alas, a window has been opened with Captain Marvel just opened a smidge, mind you, but distinctly opened. not overtly opened. There's just a slight rainbow breeze, but I think it's definitely there. I think Brie Larson has made some strong choices here. Particular. You'll note. Well, I don't want to give anything away and I like to realize some alot here. By the way, she is a team player but still a big gun. She had some really cool moments and I think taking her character in this direction works with her performance here, and the other choices that Larson has not only made on camera, but I would say off camera as well. I think this is gonna work out real well for her. Now every single character here gets a chance to shine thanks to a very strong script by Christopher Markus, Stephen Mcfeely, and, in addition to character moments and development, this movie has it all. There are also some very clever story elements as well, and I was very impressed with where I was like. Oh, really, I didn't even see that coming. That's so smart. There's also real danger, which I appreciated that something I feel has been missing from a lot of Marvel movies again. I gasped several times from concern. I, actually, I was on the edge of my seat for a lot of the movie, but I actually was biting my lip for part of it. I was like, Oh no. Oh my god, it was great. I loved that stuff and there are also real consequences and Markus and Mcfeely Feely are asked to do so much with the script and they do it all and they do it organically very very impressive. Now as for my favorite characters, it's tough to do without spoilers, but I'm gonna give you a quick list here again without spoilers, Chris Hemsworth. Just when you think there's nowhere else he can take Thor, he he blows us away again. He's got that Thor Ragnarok magic and momentum going hardcore. Oh so good. my dad is a particular Chris Hemsworth fan. I know he's gonna be thrilled when he sees this movie Scarlett Johansson. I can't talk about it. Wow, Paul, rah. I mean, I know that was very loud if you're listening to this on headphones, but that's the best way I can communicate. How amazing. So the Scarlett Johansson stuff is here, Paul Rudd and Mark Ruffalo, Mark Ruffalo. Wow, Wow, the stuff with the Hulk, Wow, but they also really do a lot to bring some some humor and balance it out. you know, With the with the with the seriousness of the movie, Both of them are incredibly funny. Karen Gillan, Wow, Nebula has quite the meaty storyline and is involved in some of the really clever plot points. Like again. Wow, as for Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans, I can't give really anything away here, so it's hard to talk about them. but let me just say perfectly poetic. Wow again, Wow, Spielberg, Ian and Wow. That's those are the terms for Avengers End game Now, finally, I'd also like to add there were many times watching this movie that I wished I could hit pause or rewind to take it all in to see my favorite characters charging into battle in detail. I'm like, if this was a comic book panel, I could take a moment and look at each character and be like, Oh, they look so cool, and that's totally how they would fly or go into battle. So here I'm looking forward to seeing it again. I have my tickets on Saturday, but I, you know, even that won't be enough. I really want to get my hands on this and pause certain frames. And then also there were amazing moments that I wanted to see again immediately because I just couldn't believe my eyes, and in some cases my good luck that it was actually happening. I was like Wow again. Wow. I think the rewatch ability of this movie is off the charts. As I said, I have my tickets for Saturday. I'll definitely be watching again with again with you guys and watch along when it comes out on streaming, but I couldn't even see myself seeing it a third time. It has instant classic scene after instant classic scene, and the scenes also mean something, which is just incredible. I don't think Avengers Endgame is going to win any Oscars outside of maybe Vfx. Maybe you know some of you were asking me. All is this Best Picture material, But you know what, Back to the Future didn't really win any Oscars either, just for sound editing. But that doesn't mean that Avengers Endgame is not a truly special film and it highlights how unique it is. what Feige has built with the Mcu over ten years, but not only its uniqueness, The fighting art not only recognizes the strength of what he's built, but has the ability to actually do something with that to spend that capital. It's just amazing. It just shows you know that Amc was running a marathon, not a sprint, and what a juggernaut they have truly become. And I always say that they are a juggernaut with strong business decisions, but I hear I feel here. They're creative decisions match the strength of their business decisions, and when you have strong creative and business decisions, you're pretty much unstoppable, which is where I think the Mcu is right now, and on that note, I think that this movie is a worthy challenger to Jane Camryn's films at the top of the box office, the all-time box-office and I think Avengers Endgame deserves the honor of being the highest-grossing film of all time, And I truly hope that it breaks into the three billion dollar club. I think it's worth that, and that's how it would stand out instead of an Oscar. Totally deserving. I suggest seeing the film in 2d. That's how the press screening was. They didn't even let us see it on a big screen. It was like a tiny little screen in 2d. and I still love the thing. Just make sure you see it. See it as soon as possible to avoid spoilers because I also tweeted. It's an impossible movie not to talk about, because it's just so exciting, so someone might give you a spoiler, but they can't help themselves. So as I said, if you come up to someone who is, or a couple, or run into someone online who has seen Avengers Endgame, just politely excuse yourself. Do yourselves both a favor. Don't let them ruin the film for you and don't put that on them, because they don't feel bad, but they get up themselves again and so, oh, by the way. Oh so there are no good bathroom breaks that you're just sorry. you're out of luck. every look, every inch and every minute of the movie is important. You can't miss it. I'm sorry. So who took? Just make sure you don't have to go to the bathroom during this movie. So good luck avoiding spoilers and I'll see you back here very soon for the spoiler review. Until then, leave your thoughts down below. No spoilers. I will be trying to monitor the comments as best as I can, and deleting spoilers don't do it. and if I see you putting spoilers, I will block you as well so, but enjoy a spoiler free discussion down below, and of course, as always, you can check out some more videos right now.