- today I'll be reviewing movie The Irishmen on Netflix. Wow, I finally finished watching this movie and I must say this movie was amazing and this movie is definitely very long. It took me like two times like I had to stop and like watch again. So this is the nice thing about this movie. It's the perfect place is on Netflix because you can pause it and you can watch it later. You can catch it a blur. You don't have to miss it. I don't know how in watching this movie Theater must be in pain because it's so long. That means that this movie is what this movie makes great. Is the performance, especially Joe Pesci and Al Pacino, Oh my God, they stole the whole movie from everybody. there. they are amazing in this movie, Especially Joe Pesci, He's so good. Everything he was the on screen. I love boy. I gotta stop watching him. He's so good. You know. this is like the top. Plus acting here in this movie. This movie is about a mob mob history Like the, basically Robert De Niro has a hitman, This movie is about his life, his journey from how he became this hitman and then how he reached to the old ages, So like, Yeah, So this movie like, Even though this movies about mobster life, I really enjoyed like this to guide. Like specially, Joe Pesci and Al Pacino, They really elevate this movie to that like Top Level, especially out Latino. Oh my God, every time he was on a screen, I was like I gotta stop watching him. Ah, so I'm like a huge fan of Joe Pesci Al Pacino or Robert De Niro Like, Mainly, I'm really huge fan of Al Pacino, If it, if I ever meet him, I don't know how I react because a really huge fan of his work. He's amazing actor. And you, after watching this movie, You know why it's amazing. He was so good at the Jimmy Hoffa When you watch this movie, Your life once treat us like, Oh my God, like you want him to stop talking. Because what happened next? So if I'm being honest, this movie is quite long up, Especially the first hour or so. It's really like. That story doesn't like. Like doesn't a kick at much as you want it So like. But the second half of this movie it's amazing, Especially the last hour of this movie. It's really intense. I enjoyed it a lot. Oh my God, that's like a midnight. When I was watching it, I was like I have to stop watching. I cannot like. I have to finish watching it. It's so good. so especially the last half of this movie is amazing. That means I do. I think this movie will get Oscar nomination. I think definitely playing this movie will get. especially Al Pacino and Joe Pesci. Both of them are so amazing. What the Robert De Niro character I feel like. Even though I like Robert De Niro so much, I feel like it's like if the Martin Scorsese he did in Castro, instead of casting Robert Jr. or someone he Yang could have been the made this movie little bit better, I feel like, even though, look at the Robert De Niro character, even though he has this de-aging technology, But like when he like a doing something like that and doing something young people stuff, it does show like it's like like old. I guess like it so that that's what I feel like, even though he was amazing Robert Deniro. like, but I feel like his character could have been it played by someone. I hope this movie could have been much more better than except this movie is amazing. It's really worth checking out if you love this three to legend, Because I really do, and I have really great time watching this movie. seeing of enjoying these Three Legends performance. I really loved this movie even though it was so long. but I, what are you gonna do? This is so Netflix you could pause it and wash it. Nothing to be whining about. So I really love Irishman, If you enjoy these three guys performance, you would love this movie. But if you are not into these three actor, you're not going to like this movie. That's what I think about this movie and he allows my thought on this movie. Thank you so much for watching. Leave me in the comment. What do you think about this movie? And if you enjoyed my review, please subscribe to my channel.