Saido is the 2015 animated film by Pixar. In this movie, It is about a little girl named Riley. The movie starts off from birth when Riley is born to the biggest move, the biggest change of her life when she moves. So Riley. in her parents, they moved from Minnesota to San Francisco. California. In this movie it shows little Riley, her emotions and her emotions are characters dead. take over the control room inside of her, which is her subconsciousness. We have joy, sadness, disgust, fear that his plate by Bill Hitter in anger, who is played by Lewis Black. So this movie is perfectly cast. it. This one is just genius. This is a brilliant movie. The more I think about it, it becomes more genius. the way Lou Riley's emotions are triggered. What triggers her emotions, the way her facial expressions in her actions are what her emotions. Our trigger is awesome. To see it in the way she just forgets things, and what makes her forget? Of course, how she has to remember things. A couple of her emotions. They do go on some kind of adventure to get. Thing is going back up once our character Riley goes deep down in the dumps with her feelings Inside This movie is truly just an adventure. If there ever was one. This movie is more I feel. With this movie's more geared to adults than it is actual kids. That is, because adults have gone through puberty, they have gone through mood swings, they have gone through different experiences. they understand children. they understand emotions, So adults have that experience of everything that our character goes through. So that's why I say this movie is more gear to adults, And adults would have more of a fun time with this movie then kids would. It's just a funny movie. It's a funny movie for a delt. It's a funny movie for kids. It's a funny movie for the whole entire family. It's a great movie. Personally. My favorite scene is when Lewis Black, who plays anger, takes over her subconsciousness, and in that scene she's at a dinner table with her parents, her mother and her father, and just the array of emotions and thoughts are going on in the scenes. Very funny To see. It was really creative. really well done. My favorite scene. It's higher in in the entire movie. I laughed in this movie. I smiled in this movie. I grand in this movie. I was amazed in this movie. I was emotionally involved into this movie. Deep, You see what I did there, You see how I put my emotions into movie about emotion To see what I did there. Yeah, I did that. I'm cool. I know, I will have to say accidents. I could never look at anyone emotional behaviors again. The same after this movie, Even my own people inside out is a flawless film. It's just completely flawless from the premise to the execution of this movie. It's just flawless across the board. For me, personally, this movie has tons and tons of replay value. This movie doesn't need a Part 2, but I feel like they're going to make a Part Two is going to make a lot more money, or just about the same as as this one did This Inside, I was just a great great movie. and this movie is is legendary. This movie is legendary. In fact, people, I would have to say that Inside out is a perfect movie. and with that being said, Ladies and gentlemen, inside out is perfect. It's 100 out of 100. I'm giving out my first perfect score. My first perfect rating for a movie is not anything bad. I can say about this movie from like I said, from premise to execution, This movie delivers it. I don't see a flaw in flaw in this movie. It has replay value. I was entertained in this movie. It's perfect. This is easily one of the best movies I've seen with my perfect rating. Of course, and it will be easily one of the best movies you seen or we'll see it's. It's just a great film. That's all I can say, so I would have to say it's perfect. I'm giving it a hundred again a common sight. You let me know your thoughts, My first perfect rating for inside out, I've done here.