[applause] [applause] Hey, everyone today, I've got your Roma movie review. The follow-up to Gravity comes a movie that is generating major awards buzz. But is is it a clear winner? So as far as the story goes, Alphonso Cons arrested Spanish-language film that I watched on Netflix. Now, it is set in the early 1970s in Mexico City, where this movie grasps the major events that unfolded during at that time because they show some writing going on while focusing on a woman who is who has to adjust to many changes in her life, And this is all seen through the lens that rarely moves on screen as much as the story does, and it is sure to capture audiences. So if you haven't seen this movie, whether you saw it last year, or if you have Netflix, you can watch it there. and this is not your average movie that contains a big budget, and even though the scope alone would make you think otherwise, I mean there is so much going on in this movie, but it is made with a simplicity yet complete with details that make up this fascinating world that this woman and the family she works for lives in, and I think it's just pretty entertaining to watch in that aspect, so as far as the casting goes, you've got Galicia Aparicio who plays this young woman named Cleo and she works as this nanny / housekeeper for this woman, and she eventually experiences this life-altering event, the constant of make certain decisions in her life. And I think you know, for a newcomer actress, I think she was very good in. We'll definitely a standout performance for award season and one that, even though you don't hear a lot from her, it's all in the emotion, the performance itself that draws you in to her character and the things that she goes through, Because there's like just so many things going on with her character that you're just literally following her around and figuring stuff out as the movie progresses. The things that I liked about this love. It was obviously I had mentioned this in my trailer Thursday video for this movie. The cinematography alone is what made me want to see this movie. It is so beautifully shot. It's in black and white. so it's very unique and refreshing to see in a movie like this. I feel like the in last movie that I saw in black and white that was even up for awards consideration was Nebraska. That was also really good, and I also enjoyed the fact that it wasn't just a series movie. It was a serious movie in a sense of certain issues that were being brought up, but it was also slightly comical, So it wasn't just this long drawn-out movie where we're like Okay, It's in black and white. There's just so much going on that you feel like you have to pay attention to it. It's so detailed, but it is exactly what goes on that makes it so light-hearted and like I said, going through the motions, especially a scene in the third act really just brought me to tears. and it just made me so emotional to watch you know the progression of the character and what this movie was all really about in the end, but unfortunately, the things that I didn't really like about this movie was that some parts of the movie were slow and it was expected because you know there wasn't any true, like musical score and some parts of it. we're really boring to watch. However, I was engrossed with the store and I really tried my best to really get into it. otherwise, so overall, I would say that this movie was pretty impressive to say the least, and one that I didn't think I was going to enjoy, but after I saw it, I definitely enjoyed myself watching it. so I'd highly recommend seeing this movie. if you guys haven't. It's definitely, if I had seen it last year, probably would have made my top 10 list, so I would give this four and a half hearts on the heart rate scale, So let me know in the comments what you guys thought of Romo, and as always you guys can subscribe to my channel. I've got my movie reviews, movie updates coming every week for Thursday video, You guys go, so like me on Facebook and follow me on Twitter, and I'll see you guys later.