It's time to spend some time whispering from all over the world. It's time to spend some time with Greg with Rick, greetings and welcome back all of you movie lovers, movie fans, cinephiles and cinematic aficionados of higher level fine artistry, I am your host Rick Siegel, here on the Rick Segal Channel, doing for the very first time ever in the history of my channel, an international movie review. The first of what I believe and hope shall be thousands upon thousands of them throughout the next decades ahead of us, Beginning with the very first trailer reaction that I ever did, Portrait of A Lady on fire, This film is cinematic magnificence at every single level. Why this film was not nominated for best international film at the Oscars in 2019. I don't understand. Let me talk about the cinematography. We noticed this in the trailer. I commented it when I saw the trailer and said, The the images that we were seeing visually matched the beauty of the paintings that we were being shown as well From the moment Marianne arrives on the island and we get this beautiful shot. Look at this beautiful shot. the framing of the shot, the time of day in which it was shot, The detail of line and color is absolutely exquisite, and then a little bit later, a few minutes later, when she's taken off her clothes and they're drying out and her materials are drying out, and she's just sitting in front of the fireplace, and she's smoking her pipe. The beauty of not only the visual of this shot which is throughout, but here, I also want to point out how long we get to sit here and just be a part of the atmosphere and hear the fire crackling, hear the wood creaking, the wind blowing in the background. This film reminded me in its attention to my minutia in sound and visual beauty of Phantom thread. If you haven't seen Phantom Thread with Daniel D. Lewis, please see it. It's a very different film, but it has similarities in terms of it being a period piece that's very comparable to this, as well as it being higher level elegance and an attention to the smallest of sound details, and I'm a big fan of small details, even more than I am of big details. I love bombast. I love massive, uh, visual effects of all kinds, whether they be makeup or Cgi, but I'm a big fan of small small things in cinema and the smallness of things that are captured in this that help convey the story in the most profound of ways. It's just like in Phantom Thread, where there are moments where you need to have things so quiet that you can hear the needle and thread going through the fabric. You need to hear the wooden spoon tapping on the bottom of the pan, and the bubbling of the butter as it's cooking mushrooms. You need to hear the pen as it's writing on the page. you need to hear the wind blowing in the trees. This film is that kind of a film, and the writing, like everything else in the film is top notch. That acting from our two leading ladies and all of the supporting ladies absolutely top notch. I added this movie to my list of not only favorite films of all time, but this one's gonna stay with me for the rest of my life. not only for the artistic reasons I've just talked to you about, but because of some of the things I'm about to talk about when we get into the more spoiler side of things. For those of you who've seen the film, this, this film is probably going to remain in my top 10 favorite motion pictures of all time. I cannot wait to watch this film with my children, and particularly with my daughters, and I feel a level of total disqualification to talk about the messages of the film. For two reasons. Number one is, it's definitively a woman film at every level, not just because it was created by in the writing and the directing, and then the cast and crew driven by women, but because I, I only look at that as an outsider, I can only sympathize with what a woman goes through. I cannot empathize, and I feel that I not only have a disqualification in that regard, I feel like I have a disqualification in regard to articulating it in any way. That's better than the film itself. It's one of the rare films that I feel like I don't have much to say about it other than I love it, and it's so magnificent and I can point out some things, but the deeper issues it talks about that are the world and the life of a woman. There's nothing I can say. The film doesn't say for itself, you know the old phrase. A picture's worth a thousand words, a movie's worth 10 million. I wish everyone had seen this film and I I simply cannot believe that this film was not nominated and paid attention to. I Can't imagine Academy members saw this film and did not jump up and down. And it was. It was screened at the Cannes film festival. So I really would like to know what it is that caused people to not pay attention to this film. How Corbin and I miss this film and I'm so excited that this is the first film that we're jumping into. It was the first reaction I did and it's the first review that I'm doing, and it makes me so happy, because if this is a harbinger of things to come, we are in for the kind of magnificent life-changing and enriching ride I knew we would get into when Adroni and I started talking about this and I was losing sleep over it because this is what movies are supposed to be this kind of a film. So for those of you who haven't seen the film, leave now, please and go watch it and then come back because I'm now getting it again. Some some spoilers and moments of the film that are specific. So this is it. My mantra is let the movie tell the story. If you haven't seen the movie, go watch it and then come back and pick up right here. Look at the time stamp. See where you are. You can pick it up right here and then join us for the rest of this spoiler time. That final moment when she's sitting there listening to the song, And you, you do know, I hope you all picked up on the fact that the song that Eloise is listening to is the exact same song that Marianne played for her on the harpsichord, and that moment where Celine Stiama is allowing the camera to just sit on Eloise and let her go through all of the emotions in that moment that you know what it is she's thinking about and feeling about. it's It's a perfect ending to what is, in my opinion a perfect film. That moment is you feel everything that she's feeling in that moment and to just let the camera sit on her and let the actress be in that moment and let us feel everything with her immediately following a moment that really set the table for it. The emotional profundity of that moment was really predicated on. obviously the whole film prior, but that moment where Marianne is in the art gallery and she walks up and she sees the painting and she's not only getting to see Eloise again, but she looks down and sees that Eloise has a little girl, And then she looks at the book and she looks at the hands, and then she sees the page has been opened to page 28. I don't know about you, but that that made me cry, And then I was just buckets of tears at the end when she's listening to that orchestra, And you do realize, And it's one of the reasons I recommended watching it and making sure you hear every little nuance of sound is, there is no score until an hour and 15 minutes, and it is so powerful and so magnificent that this woman-centric film has as its first expression of music, nothing but women's voices that just start to rise at this fire and then go into that beautiful song. and after you haven't heard any music to have the musical thing that hits you Be just the voices of women. It's there's nothing I can say that it didn't say itself. It's so profound. it's so powerful. It's so beautiful and the symbolism and the double meanings, triple meanings of the title, Portrait of a lady on fire, which lady both ladies. The first time we actually see physical fire is when Marianne is looking at the picture of Eloise that has no face on it and she's looking at it and she gets the candle too close to the canvas and it ignites and it ignites right where her, right where the heart is on Eloise. I really wish I, I read some things about the film. I really wish this movie wasn't uh, categorized or set off to the side as a lesbian film or a gay film. There's so many people who won't see this film because they'll avoid it because it's been called the lesbian film. Don't tell people. that's what it is. Tell them what it is. It's a love story, and leave it alone and let it be what it is. And it's more than a love story. This film is. from my uh, personal opinion. I can't think of a film that for me is a more extraordinarily powerful film to point out and go. You want to see a movie about women right there, and you want to see it done in a way that's so masterful that you're going to be left indelibly imprinted for the rest of your life if you don't feel that way after seeing the film, I truly don't understand, Other than there's something else going on in terms of attention deficit, or it's just really not your cup of tea to sit and watch a sunset. Things that have a pace that hearken back to times that were not as frenetic and frenzied as today, which has been for the most of the history of the world that you don't that you prefer driving through fast food restaurants rather than sitting down to a nice meal and enjoying a cup of wine. You'd rather down some shots. There's a time and a place for the shots and the fast food and things of that nature. But man, you give me the slow burns every day, you give me the sit in front of the fires, the savoring the glass of wine, the taking slow bites of a five course meal over the course of two hours long conversations, I think you can tell. I like the film Portrait of a Lady on fire. You can find it on Amazon. Watch it, Watch it again. Watch it with friends. Tell me about your experience with the film. Give me your feedback on my feedback, and if you haven't done it yet, please hit like, please subscribe. We'll be hearing some more in the days and weeks and months to come about this term, elevative and artistry being at an elevated level, and me, considering all of you here to be elevators, I'll explain more later movie lovers, movie fans, cinephiles and cinematic aficionados of higher level fine artistry, Love you. Keep the requests coming. Let's change the world, because art has no borders and I'm freaking excited to be on this journey with you.