So I saw the Dunkirk movie this review. I guess of this movie there's going to be a lot of spoilers, my friend, there will be a lot. The reason I'm reviewing this. I didn't expect to do this video at all. The reason I'm reviewing this is because this is my all-time favorite movie. I was freaking shook us to the core, to the freaking core of the earth, and myself shook by this movie. So uh, the whole world seems to know that Harry Styles first movie is Dunkirk so early on, like Last Spring Blast, some time where I wasn't in school. That's all I remember. I looked up Harry Styles while he was on his break, and I'm like Oh, interesting. he's going to be in a movie. Not just like. I'm gonna see that movie. You know, when you're a directioner, or you just like Harry Styles or any of the members? You just kind of want to like. Support them and whatever they do, hence the movie. Like a bunch of Directioners are going to see the movie because you know it's like your baby. you know, Yeah, baby, kind of growing up and becoming his own. Oh man, he's not even a baby. He older than me, my friend. I know it don't look like it, but he is, and he's living his life, and his see, he's succeeding. He's freaking finessing everything. So naturally I didn't know what the movie was. There was no trailer. There was nothing much about it. It was just like he's in a movie. No, I'm going to see that, so time passes and then I found out the movies called Dunkirk, I'm like, Oh great. I'm going to buy tickets when it comes out. Didn't think much about it Was like supporting my man Harry, Harold, Edward Stiles, that one. and so originally I was brought to it because of Harry. I'm not going to lie to you a few more. Like a little more time passed and I actually saw the trailer. Yeah, yeah, I thought it wasn't even playing on. It Kind of hit me by surprise, those in the movie theater with my friends and it just is like Dunkirk burnt, you know, Like the trailer just did the trailer. It just did its thing and I was like, Oh God, this is the one with Harry in it, too, right, uh-huh mm-hmm So we go. This is going to hurt me more in my feelings, and I was a besting it too, so it did basically more came out. more interviews, more trailer time. everything, kind of it just became more and it kind of built up and yes, but mmm, my God, thing with war movies is I, personally, they're probably one of my favorite movies and I'm like I suck at history, but I really like more movies. For some reason, the reason I don't watch it that much. it's because Tyra, my bunny is on the floor. If you can hear that I apologize. Okay, buzzing with me and more movies Is that I usually don't watch them just because they're kind of like, emotionally, kind of like Okay, Like why did we have war and I kind of get mad at the fact that there's so much hate that we had to like fight with other countries Like there's so much bad stuff that we had to fight with each other, So I get really like, saddened, kind of by war movies. So I just don't watch that many, but they're like my favorite type of movies, which is weird. I found out that Christopher Nolan directed it. Honestly, I haven't watched any movies from Christopher Nolan, because I have this gap of like not washing movies in my life, and I don't know why I haven't watched any of his previous movies. As far as I know, that's going to change. Okay, So I was sitting there was my friend and my mom and my friend sister, and we were watching the movie. It starts right. Lights went down. movie begin. Oh my God, it just started as already action like we went straight into it. They had the main character. I don't think any of them have names, except for one or I wasn't paying attention if they actually did have names. But the main character, We just starts off and he goes, and he's in with a group of people and then straight off the bat like they're just getting shot. They did? They gone for the rest of the movie. That's why I, five people got paid their five dollars and now they're good and they just great and they're dying. That was over. So you already start with like boom action. You're intrigued. He got your attention. He Christopher Nolan. Yes, he knows what he's doing. He was, and some at territory. I'm assuming that's why he was getting shot at him and his group and he was like the only survivor. He went with the French. Although you know English and French allies, they don't like each other, so they were like Okay, Come here and go somewhere else. Like bye. So he just went and he found his other English people on the beach and they were all trying to get out of Dunkirk On the way. He was about to take a dump. Very good touch on the movie Because you just don't expect to see that in a movie. Great, Um, and well, he didn't written same thing by the way, And there was a guy burying a body and he switched coats, So he had the English coat on, but he wasn't English from England, but we don't know at this point where he's from. Um. Then the story continues, They're trying to get out and basically Germany just keeps like sudden bombs and killing a lot of people. So they would just have to go back on shore and just try to survive. But they would send more boats try to survive. Spend more boats, try to survive, and we have like these three point of views right, a little boat, like a little vacation boat One, they just say, on the sea usually was going out to Dunkirk so they can bring some people back to England. The second one was a pilot, also going to protect them from all all these planes that kept on shooting their ships, So they were sending the airport, and so we had one of the characters. It was three planes. They were going out there, and then they had the other point of view, which is the one we started with. Is where they're already in Dunkirk and trying to escape. So they have a few scenes in the movie. I'm not going to like Tell the whole story, because you need to see the movie. There's just like a few scenes that really stuck out to me. One was when they were like really losing hope. They just had a random guy. We didn't know him or anything. He just went into the water and he just jumped in and drowned themselves like he literally gave up hope. and not only him but everybody. They had the scene where they had the boat coming out and it was leaving the port. They were leaving. They had their bread. They were kind of just like Okay, We just go back to England and do whatever they need to do, And they had I think, a torpedo that just hit a ship and there we go and the ship was gone and in the room they were in, it was like locked, because that's just how they were at the time, and the guy that we didn't know that who's not English was out while all the English soldiers are in there and he was out, just kind of like thinking about what he was doing and I think he was just contemplating a lot of things, And so he was outside of the ship and they got hit and everybody was stuck in that room. The ship starts like tilting and they had water coming in, and literally, they were just drowning in this room and so many were trying to unlock it. but they were already like this. It was almost impossible. and then the guy we don't know where he's from yet opens it and then they all like come falling out and they go back to shore And that it was such a freaking emotional like I can't describe it. How good of a seeing this was. It was such an emotional scene and you just felt it and you saw all these characters and everything. Oh like if my God just saw like how helpless is basting then like they kept trying and then, but it just like stopped like I was brought to tears. I'm almost crying four times in this movie. I don't want to tell. I've never done like a movie review. I don't want to tell too much as a story. It's just like it's such a good story. Something. I wanted to mention what they had since the very like first scene. This ticking. It was ticking and ticking and ticking very subtle in the background, but it was happening the whole time That was telling you that just time kept passing and rushing everything, like everything needed to be done and it's just not being done. It's kind of like the ticking feel of what. Like what I was feeling around the end of the movie. They had actual like ships that came by and they were back in England. They were on the train, and while he's boarding the Train, Harry's character, Alex, a butthole. By the way, there's um. You'll see why When you see the movie like you, just you, you're not meant to like his character. He's real tough and like you know, you're just not supposed to like him. Oh my god, By Harry's acting it like this being his first movie. It's just weird tonight, Like usually don't notice when you see like a pop star going some. So this was like a whole different thing for me, But like where did you learn how to act? There was a scene where I was just like so surprised, and this whole movie like I know, I originally heard of it because of Harry, but I forgot Harry was in it like it was such a beautifully made movie. All the angles all the things in. Like the color grading was so great and like beautiful, And it just fits so well And you just felt every single character and you felt every death and there were so many deaths and you just felt all of it And how like you just felt the hope leaving And they had something like panic scenes. And like just you, you're like Stomach went into a. not like you didn't know how to feel, and all you can do should sit there and watch the movie And I think Christopher Nolan. he's just a genius in the way that he made this movie like, I don't know how his brain even thought of this. Like how did he make such a great movie? I don't freaking have a clue. Anyways. They were brought back to England and S, and they were getting. There's a guy handing out towels and he was looking down the whole time. It was ticking and was ticking, his ticking. Everything. It was like a very subtle tick. They had the main characters, like the nice guy, the guy you like, and then they had Alex. So Alex was the first one walking into the train and the guy was looking down and he was. he said, Congrats And then Alex looked back and he was like For what we only survived, or something like that, And it was like That's enough And then I was just kept walking in the train and then the main character, he got his towel, and then the guy was looking down, who's handing the towels and said that That's good that you like survived. Felt his face, meaning he was blind, And then after when they were in the Train, I've said that dumb guy couldn't even look me in the eye to say congrats or whatever, and he was just you know, like they need completely like two different things, And that's when the ticking stopped like as soon as he said that and that like I don't know, like, I feel like I should know what that means. but I don't and this whole movie just kept me freakin alive, Guys. I don't know how to review movies. I just wanted to tell you basically that I love this movie. See this movie. There's so many scenes that I didn't. even. I can't even like, explain to you well enough like I can't that you have to see it. It's such a work of art. I've never felt so many things from we ever in my life. I was sitting there shaking for the last 30 minutes in the moving. not being. I'm not exaggerating what my body was exaggerating at the time, but I'm not exaggerating I was literally shaking. My hands were shaking, my legs were shaking. I was just like I just couldn't stop. There's so many things I haven't even talked about that were such amazing things. I just I want to like Brants, about how beautiful this movie is and how much you really need to see this. I like. I like. his mind is such a beautiful thing. I, I have no. there's There's so much Okay. here's my like review of this. This movie. I've never done a review. I just wanted to rant to you of how beautiful this movie was. See it. It is so freakin good like I literally can't let you guys see you next video. I'm still like I'm shook from this movie. I don't. I can't explain. I just wanted to tell you how like how this made me feel and I can't even put in words how this movie made me feel, So I love you guys. See you next video.