Cary Grant is a comedy legend. Pair him with the geniuses of Katherine Hepburn and Jimmy Stewart. Give the three of them great dialogue, and have them directed by George Cucor. And you get the comedic gold. That is the Philadelphia Story, one of the best films of all time. Why? Well, let's get into it. Hey, everyone, my name is Cassidy Krieger. I'm an actor writer and the founder of Hollywoodland Photos, Youtube channel and Instagram page. I am super passionate about Hollywood. I love the films the stars and just everything about it. So make sure you hit the subscribe button for weekly videos and updates, and make sure you hit the follow button over on Instagram, where I post daily posts. The Philadelphia Story follows the story of the high society wedding of Tracy Lord, played by Katherine Hepburn and her stuffy new fiancee, George Kittredge, played by John Howard. Her previous marriage to Ck. Dexter Haven, played by Cary Grant, and ended in a bitter divorce, but there is still some simmering feelings between the exes under the surface. Haven crashes the wedding festivities with journalist Mike Connor, played by Jimmy Stewart, And this, my friends is where our story fabulously begins. someday Over the rainbow Way up high. What is this, Connor? How easy, easy, old man, she's not hurt. No, No, not wounded. So but dead seems the minute she hit the water, the wine hit her. Now look here, Connor, a likely story, Connor, Hello Dexter, Hello George, hello Mike. The story behind the Philadelphia story is actually one heck of a story. It began its life as a play by New York playwright Philip Barry, who actually wrote the Philadelphia Story with Katherine Hepburn in mind. At this time in 1938, Catherine Hepburn was basically considered box office poison. She hadn't had a hit movie in years, and she was struggling to get work, so she signed up to this play and believed in it so much that she actually financially backed it. Mgm Studios saw it after its successful run and decided to acquire it from Catherine Hepburn. Now she agreed, as long as she could star in the movie. She wanted Clark Gable and Spencer Tracy, her future partner, who she'd get to meet to star in the film. They turned it down, so they ended up getting Cary Grant and Jimmy Stewart. Thank God because they're made for these roles. Production with Swift came in under time in six weeks. One of my favorite things about this movie is I have to read this. It's just I just think it's so cool. Some ad-libbing from Jimmy Stewart and Cary Grant made the final cut when a drunk Mike Connor shows up at C.k Dexter Haven's house. Jimmy Stewart decided to improvise a hiccup before beginning his lines. Carrie Grant, who was caught off guard by the moment, said Excuse me to Jimmy Stewart, expecting George Cuco to call Cut and to reset, but George Cuco quite liked this natural vibe that was going on, and kept that in the final edit. Excuse me, the Philadelphia Story was released in December 1940 to rave reviews and was an instant smash hit. Catherine Hepburn was officially box office poison, No more Herb Gold. No, Variety magazine commented that for Miss Hepburn, this is something of a screen comeback. Whether it means she has reestablished herself in pictures, is something that can't be said from this viewing. For she doesn't play in the Philadelphia story. She is the Philadelphia story. I don't want to be worshipped, Tracy tells George, I want to be loved. I feel the Philadelphia Story achieves. both. In my opinion, this is one of the greatest films of all time. This is such a comfort movie. For me, I truly never get tired of watching it. I think the the chemistry between the main players, the story, the writing, how quickly they deliver their dialogue. It's so punchy, It's such a talent. It's so hard to do and I think they make it look so easy that we all can go. Oh, I could be an actor, but you get on set and you try and deliver something that amazing. It ain't happening if you've yet to watch this film. I insist you put on your to watch list because I, it's just such a classic film and it is so typically Cary Grant, and so typically Jimmy Stewart. So typically typically Catherine Hepburn. It's them all at their best, and if you want to know who they are as actors, this is them. They're incredible. I don't doubt for a minute that you will love it just as much as I and millions of others for the past 80 years do.