Spotlight is directed by Tom Mccarthy and stars Michael Keaton Mark Ruffalo, Rachel Mcadams and Liev Schreiber. It's the true story of the Boston News reporters who work for the Boston Globe who uncovered a very disturbing scandal happening within the Catholic Church as well as the law officials who were trying to cover it up. now. I'm just going to leave it at that because I went into this movie not knowing exactly what it was about. I knew that it was about some scandal. that there was something very serious going on and that it was a true story. I had no idea the actual plot and so as the movie played along, I was consistently shocked, surprised and floored by a remarkably well written and active film. This movie truly blew me away, and this movie is very subdued. In a lot of ways. They're really holding back a lot. This movie doesn't attempt to make our news reporters who are uncovering this very unsavory news story movie doesn't make it look like heroes. Movie makes them look like what they are, reporters who care about their job and want to give a good story and reporters who actually do care about justice for those who are wronged And that's one of the things I loved about this film. This isn't a film that is filled with Oscar scenes. You know the types of scenes that. if someone's nominated for an Oscar, they play a 10-second snippet of that right before they announce his name. Every single actor in this film is holding back. There's really just one scene where someone has an outburst of sorts. The rest of the film is exactly how it would be in real life. Think about when you hear bad news. Do you pick up a chair? throw it against the wall? Start screaming. No, You generally just sit there and go. And that's how these actors play this movie throughout this entire film, as this case builds and builds and builds to a point where you are just amazed that this is a true story. These actors are just sitting there like man. This is not good, because that's what it would be like in real life if you were on a team of people trying to make something known and making it known at just the right time, and having all these legal obstacles in the way as well, Spotlight is a film that is so well acted, so well directed, and so well written that as you watch it, you almost don't feel like you're watching a film. You feel like you're watching a documentary. It's so well told its story that you truly do feel like these true events are happening right before your eyes, Despite the fact that you know you're looking at Michael Keaton. That guy played Batman. That's Mark Ruffalo and he played Hulk, and that's Liev Schreiber and he was Sabretooth I'm getting on a tangent here. Everyone in my theater I saw it with. There were multiple times where people just muttered. Oh my God, Michael Keaton is truly terrific in this film. I'm so glad to see him in another good moving. That Birdman wasn't just a one-off Mark Ruffalo gives one of the best performances of his entire career. He's doing something different with his voice and at first I was like What's that all about? and it really grew on me to where it just felt so natural it didn't. I wasn't even hearing Mark Ruffalo, as I'm used to hearing him. That was just the way he was, And this is a movie that has actors that are giving such good performances that they really do disappear into their characters When you can say that, despite having actors in this film that are so recognizable, that's high praise, Spotlight is a disturbing movie. But it's disturbing in the way that it should be. this happened. People dealt with it, and here's the people that brought it to light. And this is why they were doing something good. I'm going to give spotlight and a definitely check this one out. if you feel you can handle the more true story and some of the lurid details that are going on. I would suggest checking out Spotlight. Also, I will let you guys know that my promotion with Audible is still going on. If you guys go to Audible.com Slash Chris, you can get a free audiobook download of your choice. They've recently had the entire Harry Potter collection on there as a Harry Potter fan. That was very cool for me to see. I've had a lot of people email me telling me thank you because I needed a textbook for school or I needed to read something for school and I wasn't able to pick it up. Because of you, I was able to get the audiobook Audible.com slash Chris, free audio book For you, I've been running this promotion for like two years. You can download them straight to your Mp3 player, your ipod, your tablet, your computer. whatever you want to listen to you can probably put it on whatever device you have. guys. Thank you so much and I hope you check out Audible.com slash Chris, Thank you very much. You guys are the best and if you like this, you can click right here and get stuck mine eyes.