I am the Mighty Thor from Asgard Odin's Son, so let's get this review started. alright people, So the highly anticipated Thor Ragnarok is finally upon us, and a starring Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Mark Ruffalo and Tessa Thompson, And basically the premise of this movie we have for trying to prevent Ragnarok from happening on Asgard, All right, so let me start off by saying this first. The best way for me to describe this movie to you guys is that this is as Guardians of the Galaxy. This is Asgard meets Guardians of the Galaxy. So what worked for the movie? There was definitely what I'll be saying. Too much good action sequences. So when you guys go see this movie, you're gonna enjoy that aspect of it and I love the playful banter between Bruce Banner, his whole character with Thor. and obviously we always loved the playful banter between Thor and his brother Loki. They do awesome job on the screen with that and Tessa Thompson did a good job as Valkyrie. I loved what she brought to the table with that and Cate Blanchett did a good job with her acting, Um with the character Hella, but I just needed a little bit more from the villain aspect of her character. Alright, So what didn't work for a movie? Pretty much. It's not like a really really big deal, But the storyline then worked too much for me. Some people might disagree, but I felt like the storyline didn't work too low with me because they try to incorporate two storylines from the comic books You got Thor Ragnarok and Planet Hope, and they try to mess it together in one movie, and with that being said, it was kind of all over the place. The storyline wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either, And I mentioned earlier that this is as Guardians of the Galaxy, so there was too much comic relief for my. This movie At the end of day is called for Ragnarok, so I needed it to be a little bit more serious. and even with the title of the movie Thor Ragnarok, I just needed a little bit more of that essence of what actually took place when Ragnarok happened in the comic books, and I felt like they didn't capitalize on it. Like how I thought they were going to capitalize on it. So that and I mentioned earlier already that Cate Blanchett just wanted a little bit more from her villain. So overall people, Thor Ragnarok, There's a solid fun, entertaining movie that all ages are going to enjoy Hulk. Slow the show. He had me cracking up. Thor did a good job too, Loki. Everybody did an awesome job in this movie. So in a kind of scale 1 to 10, I'm gonna give this movie a solid 8. There was a few things that you know, kind of bother me that and they picked about, but overall this is a very entertaining movie so it's definitely worth seeing it Imax. We're seeing that regular admission and definitely worth buying on Blu-ray when it comes out. So if you like what you see and you want to see more, please hit the subscribe button. After in the subscribe button, hit the bell button, so you get notified every time I upload a video and please leave a comment. Hit the like button at the bottom.