Guys, real quick, Spotlight is the movie that I picked for best picture in the 2016 Oscars Right before Oscars I changed my pic to the big short, Stupid me So, Spotlight is a 2015 film that got the 2016 Oscar for Best Movie, Deservingly. So it stars Rachel Mcadams, Michael Keaton in Mark Ruffalo. This movie is about a small group of journalists who are investigators from the Boston Globe, led by Michael Keaton, So after kind, Larry goes from his old job in Florida's, a new job at the Boston Globe. I think he becomes the head editor or something like that is leave servers. Something. I don't leave server. I don't know how left server. Something like that, I do not pronounce the guy's name. I'm gonna call him when his old character names. We're gonna call him Kylie. Kylie was when his old character name. So I've been calling him deaf ear. So Cotton Leary, he starts to work for the Boston Globe after reading an article about an archbishop who knew about priests, or I think it was just as one priest who was sexually abusing kids, he knew about what was going on. he let it happen. So after cotton he getting, were gonna call him Cotton for this and he finds this out. He puts the spotlight team on this case to investigate it. Guys, the movies like this, their dramas. You know, it's gonna be long. There's a real story to it. The movies not going to be fast paced. The movies gonna be boring To know this movie is, this movie is perfect. If you can accept the movie for what it is, Guys. This, this is a perfect movie. I don't think there was any acting going on. I'm not. they weren't. no. no acting going on. I think that Brian James, Michael Mckean Mark Ruffalo and Rachel making. I think they were actually investigating this case. I don't think they were acting. I think they were actually out in Boston, investigating this. If you know the story to this movie, If you know what happened in real life, this movie will definitely hit you hard. If you don't know the story and you go into watching this. At some point, you would have to ask who is actually cutting the onions. Here in this movie does a good job showing that these kids who were sexted that were abused. It wasn't just sexual abuse. it wasn't just physical or emotional abuse, but it was spiritual abuse. In this movie does a great job at illustrate net guys. Between the scenes in this movie, there's like a piano chord plate or Pinot histah. It was like a piano history. I think is, I think it was a piano that was played between the scenes in this movie. Guys. I really, I didn't live. I didn't pay attention to music class. Okay, I don't know. what do you want from me, guys. whatever it was, if it was an instrumental or piano chord. Whatever is was. This song was perfect for this movie. That was between scenes. It set a perfect mood for this film and I think everyone should watch this. I think everyone should give this a watch. This is a perfect movie. It's a beautiful movie. When it comes to filmmaking, the actual story is not beautiful. Ladies and gentlemen. I gotta say that Spotlight is a 92 out of 100, one of the best films of 2015. Deservingly sup the best picture war. So guys, did you see Spotlight? Did you not go ahead and see it? If you did see it like this video, dislike this video. Do whatever you gotta do. I'm out of here.