And I've said it a million times, but I really love that setting. Oh family. this is so cute. I had suspicions about the wrong man. Don't let it make you cry. That's not. That's a. that's a joke. Bonjour Welcome back Legends, I washed my hair, so I thought it'd be rude if I didn't film a video Would be disrespectful, But yeah, we're back with another Disney film. Coco. Don't shout at me. I've never seen it. I'm uncultured. I get it. Yeah, we're gonna do this. I don't have much to say. It's Pixar. It's Disney. I expect greatness. I've heard nothing but good things about this film, so let's see this is a disappointment. I don't think it is. If you haven't already, please don't forget to subscribe. It mean the world to me, and wash it down and don't forget to turn the notification bell. So you get notified every single time I upload as well as that. if you like this video, don't forget to give it a thumbs up. If you didn't like it, that's fine. That's before you like it, sweetheart. My free will for now, and if you want to see more of me, I won't pay for your therapy, but Instagram is out, Rebecca Rose with an exit of the first D, and Twitter is out Rebecca Wright with an x over the second E. Bam, Okay, We're just gonna get into this. I am tired. Oh my God, it's not the normal Disney intro theme, so I can't sing along 10 seconds later. Never mind. I still could always believe in yourself. Should I bought the tissues for this film? Should I too late now? Oh a skull, Oh, day of the dead, Oh, is this gonna be sad? I bet you this is sad. I mean it already looks beautiful. I'll give them that she didn't have time to cry over that walkway musician after banishing all music from her life. Oh, I thought she's going to banish all men Mood every year. The day of the dead, Bam, I knew it psychic. I thought she was about to. That was the Toy Story pizza delivery van. Oh, we love some Easter eggs. I caught that nothing goes past me but my all-time favorite. Oh, isn't this like the famous song from Coco everyone talks about? Remember me until 1942, when he was crowned by a giant bell. That's so dark. Surely the guy who messed up. There's like imprisonment. that's so dark. Disney fully just crushed a man. You are a musician. No, I don't know. I mean, I only really play for myself. Ah, not gonna lie. This looks so pretty though the animation, the background, the colors. It's a very vibrant film. So far we're not fans of Grandma. Her walk scares me. All this work to bring the family together. I don't want to sneak. Is Miguel. I don't know what his name is. I think it's Miguel. Is he gonna meet his whole family tree and they're all gonna inspire him to go back to music and he's gonna raise how musical his family once was And then he goes to the talent show and wins with the power of family. That's my prediction. I just realized why I recognize this dog because they have his statue in Disneyland. That's why I recognized him. I. It was bugging me so much. I was like I recognize that dog. He's been somewhere else. The talent. He, just he is a. What's the word for a? He's a prodigy. That's what Miguel is. I'm gonna play in Mariachi Plaza. if it kills me. Don't tell me Miguel dies. If that happens, That's not the darkest Disney has gone killing a child. Surely they're not gonna do that. I'm not certain. I don't care if I'm on some stupid offrender. Okay, not a fan of Grandma. That's a step too far. With that many candles around, I'd be very scared that at any second I'd set myself a light. I did not like the way that moved. Why wasn't it pushed up against the mantle? That's the health and safety hazard. If I've ever seen one. I need to borrow this. See. I saw the embers. The family are coming back from the dead for the day of the dead, and they're gonna guide Miguel to the path of music. All right, who's in there? I'm sorry. it's not what it looks like. Oh, Miguel is currently dead. I thought the other ones were dead. Miguel's dead, Plot twist. See, I told you he was gonna meet every single person from his family. Oh, now that do be some good animation. It's just very pretty. the color choices. Ah, it's not nice. Oh, that's kind of sound when you think about, though, like, why did she have a really young girl on the other side of her? And remember, Oh, this is such a pure little film. Oh, Oh, this is really cute. This is Ernesto. It might be Ernesto, because his family didn't put the photo up. It doesn't look like Ernesto, though, but most importantly you can help me. Oh, so that's not Ernesto. I give up with that theory that he's Ernesto. I've grown up. now I've moved on. She has a dragon or whatever this thing is, It's basically a dragon. Now that is cool. Oh no. Dante's gonna die. Oh my god, Dante's dead. No, no, the dog died. Oh my heart. that's so rude. another dog dying. Come on, don't do this to me. I don't have the time for a breakdown right now. It's a crossover. No one's ever put up my picture. But okay, the dog's okay. That was a lie. I apologize for that cool off chemical. Come on, I'll get you this guy. Antoine seems so dodgy. What's his business? Who's his family? Why does he seem so suspicious? Okay, but also kind of sly and cool. Oh, you just got slapped by a monkey. Yo. how did you get in here? I just followed my. Is this actually Frida Kahlo? This is the real Frida Kahlo, Many forums, this is Frida Kahlo. That's kind of cool. What do you know? Right? This film though is so beautifully animated. I cannot get over it. It's just so nice to look at. We're all the ones with no photos or friends, no family to go home to. nearly forgotten, You know, is Miguel gonna start putting up this guy's photo in his house every year and he's going to become a part of the family. That would be kind of cute ending. I want to see that please please deliver. I'm fading it. I can feel it. They can fade from the dead as well, Bro. you're telling me there's more after death. I am not prepared. I thought death was it. Why do we have to keep moving Gracias? He just faded. This is not legal. They've just killed someone twice. Bruh. are they for real? No, that feels kind of rude. Why am I so emotionally attached to some character that I've known for 3.5 seconds? Do I have issues? Yes, I do. Oh my God, I need to reevaluate my life, but seriously, Oh, why did Grandma have to fade? Wait, what happened? He's been forgotten when there's no one left in the living world who remembers you. You disappear from this world. Ah, we call it. Oh my God, that's so deep. Imagine feeling that unnecessary and irrelevant in the world. Oh, that's kind of sad. No, you're so forgotten that you're erased from history. Our memories. they have to be passed down by those who knew us in life. in the stories they tell about us, but there's no one left alive to pass down Chicha's stories. That's so sad. Oh, why is that so sad? Why is this old man making me have a midlife crisis? Why did he fade away? You hated musicians. You never said you were the one. Oh my God, but this beautiful I love. Oh, it's just this looks so pretty and magical and I can't explain it, but I love all the colors and it just speaks to my soul. The word to describe it really is just beautiful. this animation, this setup, this location, this scene. they, just, it just works so well. this is a tough crowd. No one seems that impressed. Oh yes, man, my favorite character. Now that guy who was jumping in the crowd. Okay, but if this was America's got talent, Miguel here would pull through real strong. All he's gotta do is tell a sob story. Be the child prodigy he is, sing a sweet little heart out and get the crowd a smile. And Bam, he's one. It's a yes, from me. You're going to Hollywood. No, not the dragon coming with his nostrils to ruin the spirit. Oh, this is so cute. Team up. We didn't know we needed a living. Is the family blind? Oh, my Jesus, just look at the stage. He's wearing red. It's basically a beacon. He could be shouting. it's Miguel. I'm here, the family man. They need help. I can't believe the family's looking everywhere but the stage. They really don't want to find Miguel. That's the truth. I thought you hated music. Oh, I love them. I remember that feeling when I don't let men ruin things for you. Is what this story is? They've all banished music because of one man. We don't allow that kind of power from a man in this household in this lifetime in this universe. And I've said it a million times, but I really love that setting. I cannot praise it enough. Oh child abuse, I'm calling. I don't know what the child line line is. I'm not calling anyone. Apparently, this feels like showing up to the Great Gatsby mansion. You know, Gatsby's mansion. That's the kind of vibes I'd be getting. Is it even Ernesto there? Though it has to be it is. he finally turned around. Lil Miguel's been waiting for this day since forever. How could I not listen? Oh family. this is so cute. [applause] This is next level, wholesome stuff that sounds like it could possibly be a really sad song. Are they going to bring that back at the very end As Miguel says goodbye to the land of the Dead to go back to the land of the living. You are being forgotten. And whose fault is that Hector please? Those were my songs. You took my songs That made you famous. He's stealing songs, the drama, Ernesto's a liar. He stole songs. He took someone else's career and money. We cannot respect that as a nation. But in the movie Tonight poisons the drink. Did Ernesto poison Antos drink? Oh my God, this became a villain origin story. the plot twist, I'm going home, Ernesto, hate me if you want, but my mind is made up, so he poisoned him. He's like, Stay for one more drink. I'm sending you off with a toast. So Ernesto just had poison on hand. I had suspicions about the wrong man. I should know better by now. Eat the rich. You walked me to the train station, but I felt the pain in my stomach. I cannot believe the disrespect Ernesto is next level messed up. Now I agree with the family, but once again we did not banish music. We banished the man. Metatrash, Poison me, your confusing movie. Oh, I feel so bad for Anton. I've got his name wrong. I can just tell. I just wanted to go back home, Bro. I hate this story for Hector. Put some more respect on Hector's name as I say, like I've been mispronouncing his name the whole time. Like I put respect on it. The audacity I know my reputation. It is very important to me. I can't believe Ernesto actually killed someone for music, being his friend, Hector. I feel personally attacked. Ernesto just keeps getting worse. I should have known there's always a villain in these stories. but I'm your family and Hector was my best friend. His kill count is going up. Does this man have no limitations? Oh my God, I should have trusted Grandma, but I kind of did I know men are trash, but Oh my God, he is the pinnacle of this. They are so evil. I am shooketh by how this movie took a turn. Bruh. I love this movie. This film is so good. Oh, I didn't expect this from Coco. I'm sorry for underestimating you, but this is such a good film. No, like seriously, this film 10 out of 10. I love it. I don't care how it ends. It could end here. and I never know what happens to Miguel and I still love it. Why is this film so good? It has the audacity to be this good Brah. I am so glad this film is so good. Oh my god, if Hector dies, Oh my God, is Hector gonna die? Heck, just gonna fade away. I'm not ready for this. They're doing this to us. They're so rude. Why the killing Hector that he loved her so much? Hey Coco, Coco. That's why the films made Coco. Excuse me, Is he the actual grandpa? Wait? I'm so confused. Is that you? I don't twist my brain. Oh, did not deserve this disrespect, Oh, this is so adorable. I thought at least one day at cereal. Give her the biggest hug, but she's the last person who remembers the moment she's gone from the living world. You disappear. Oh no. this is so sad. What did I say? This song was gonna come back and be sad. Don't let it make you cry for Eve. Don't let it make you cry. That's not. That's a joke. I'm gonna get so many wrinkles from crying at this film. Stop ageing me. Oh, Hector's gonna fade away now. Oh my God, I'm gonna get a headache, Dante. don't encourage the dog to jump. Please, don't that will end the dog. Dante's actually a spirit guide. Now, Oh, he has wings. he can fly. he can fly, he can fly. Legendary, come, lady, jump off the platform. She had an option, but she stayed on the platform. If you want your two minutes of fame, just say I won't judge. Back off. Ernesto can get off this stage. How dare he? I feel violated. I forgot what that felt like. No time for a romance. Let's get this photo back to the shrine because I want Hector having his rightful place and the other side not being forgotten. Priorities. hurry up. touch it anywhere. See, we do not respect Ernesto. I really do hate this man too hard to let him destroy everything. Look at the family, working together, the power of family, and they exposed him on the big screen. They were like. We're gonna put him on blast. whatever it takes. Now. this is some prime time reality Tv for the audience, Also murder, which I don't condone. [applause] Hell, yeah, a full circle moment please. We love poetry. If he fades. there's got to be some picture of Hector somewhere. I will print one. I will draw one. If I see him turn into dust particles. Okay, we didn't see him fade into nothingness, So there's still hope for Hector. They're not doing this to him. Well, apologize, Miguel's going to sing. Remember me, mama. Wait. Oh, so they bring it back Sad twice. That's just rude. Oh, it's complete. Like On nothing I predicted about this film was right, and I love that we don't want predictable plot lines. That's why this film was so good One year later, The next day of the dead, Hector's gonna come back. He's uncertain, but he's gonna go through this time. Enjoy. Oh, I'm so happy for our guy. Hector. finally getting his respect. He can pull through. Okay, all I really have to say is uh, that was a really lovely and beautiful film. Highly surprised by it. I'm not gonna lie. I went into it, not expecting too much, but I'm very happy with that result of a film. Bruh. It's spectacular. Coco is highly underrated. It is criminally underrated. Where's the respect for this film? Bro, that was so good. That was a masterpiece of cinema. That's one of Disney's best films. I'm just gonna say, Like Disney and Pixar. This is one of the best. It's one of my favorite. Now I'm gonna have to add Coco to my wall, which is such a beautiful film about family, and those songs were cute. Remember me. I'm adding that to spotify. every single version from that film is going on my playlist. Love the film. I'm glad Hector got his nice ending. His happy ending. He deserved it. I'm glad Ernesto got his ending, too, felt very. What's the word? It felt very rewarding. but yeah, I'm gonna leave it there. I'm tired of this on my voice, and I'm sure you're trying voice. Have a nice rest of your day and adios you.