Roma, I did not have a lot of expectations going into this film and I can say it is a very very slow burn. This is almost a two and a half hour film and you're gonna feel every minute of that, but I can't say I did enjoy the cinematography. There are a lot of beautiful shots in this film. Having this film being noir. I think it was really smart and I think it really worked for the film. Not a lot of films nowadays are in Noir. If they are, it's not in the theatrical release. Even though this was on Netflix. it's still what I call it, but if like they are nowadays, it's on the Dvd on like a special Features bonus disc, And even then it's not that often, so I think it worked really well for the film and I think it was really nice, but something I really got tired of in this movie is the constant slow turning shots. I like this director and I have seen two of his other films Gravity and Harry Potter, Prisoner of Azkaban, and I remember multiple shots in Gravity where he used the same slow turn technique, but in this film he really doubled down on it. I get that it could be an artistic thing, but with how slow the movie is, I really started. Eh, I was just hoping to see a different type of shot. The main character and her family she works for all, go through some really tough relationship stuff throughout the film and I'd say that the main character gets away worse, but the whole film in general is about this maid in her relationship to this family she works for into her own relationships. Somewhere in the middle of this film there's a scene of a riot breaking out and all these civilians just start killing people With no reason. The film doesn't tell you. it might be an actual historical event, but I don't know. I know. it was just a weird scene that. I feel like it was only used to put more tension on the main character who's going through something I won't say without spoiling the film. At that point in the film, I was also really disappointed with the ending. Our main character just ends up back where she was in the beginning in the film with a better connection to the family she works for, but she's made no progress making a better life for herself, which at the end of the film I would have really liked to see. So with that said I'm gonna give this film a 7 out of 10. It's super slow and doesn't have the greatest any, but it's still a good film. Not a film for kids, but a very good Oscar bait movie. Well, that's the review. I hoped you guys enjoyed it. If you did give that like a subscribe button in this mash and I'll catch you guys next time.